            Quang Do Huu Ngoc
E: quang.bon128@gmail.com  M: +84 1265 989 881 
vn.linkedin.com/in/quangdo128
SUMMARY:
Quang is embedded engineer who experienced at developing the projects for health care, Lighting 
System (smart city), Data-logger usually working on  ARM Microcontroller: STM32, MSP430, 
CC2420, CC2541. Working on low-power wireless protocols ZigBee, BLE, RFID also implement 
MCU interface: UART, SPI, IC2 … I am goal-oriented, critical thinking, inquisitive learner, fully 
responsible at job . Fluent in English(TOEIC 650+). Core competencies include:
C-Shell  Embedded Linux OS  Development C  Perl  C#  UML  Wireless protocol 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
PROJECT
Pulse oximeter: A non-invasive method for monitoring oxygen of blood. The advantage of the 
project is more wavelength of light help measure hemoglobin more precisely. I am responsible for 
software part. Porting SPI driver for communication between MSP430 F1 and optical biosensing 
AFE4490, sampling and encoding ADC register to read raw data (absorption of photodiode). 
Display the graphical results on Windows User Interface. Use UML to draw the flow chart.
Verify quality of software Module: Responsible for writing test case, test script to consider 
whether source code meet conditions about quality. Using Perl to generate the reports automatically.
Getting the projects done on time. Good communication with manager and colleagues. 
Street Lighting System: Configure, monitoring, control every cluster street lights. The different of 
this project is able to manage the sequence of lights on every street with low-power wireless 
protocols. Handle the faults make sure the system working stable when the environment is 
changing. Develop firmware allow control system by turning on/off the lights and collect data from 
light sensor, temperature for Monitoring application. The project take advantage of Multicast-RPL 
protocols (on ZigBee stack) provide flexible management model of system by associate any lights 
into different groups (represent a street) and ability to ensure the reliable connections between many
street lights.
Data Logger: TI Sensor Tag with sensors reading temperature, humidity from environment and 
display the result via BLE (CC2541). By running BLE stack a low-power communication to display
on tablets or smartphone when needed make a significant power consumption. The firmware can be 
upload through Over-the-Air downloads (ODA). Additionally, a basic feature is store the parameter 
with real-time clock (RTC) information into flash help logging the data.
EDUACATION
Bachelor of Engineer in Electronics & Telecommunication
University of Technology  HCM  2014
