 
PERSONAL 
INFORMATION 
Date of Birth  
23 January 1993 
Address 
34A 494 Street, Tăng Nhơn Phú 
A Ward, District 9., HCMC 
Phone 
01677860679 
E-mail 
vanphuoc11119035@gmail.com 
SKILLS  
Programming: C, C++, C# 
⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿ 
IT support 
⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿ 
MS Office/ Windows/ Linux 
⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿ 
Database SQLServer /MySQL 
⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿ 
Microcontrollers PIC/Arduino 
⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿ 
Automation PLC, Sensor…… 
⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿ 
TRAN VAN PHUOC 
C O M P U T E R  E N G I N E E R  
Faculty of Electrical and Electronics Engineering 
Profile 
HCMC University of Technology and Education – (09/2011 – 09/2015) 
Project 
o Project 1:  Data collection and interface with computer using RFID 
technology 
o Project 2:  A build of RFID based on Staff management system  
o Graduation Thesis: Internet of Things for the Smart Home. 
Achievement 
o Motivation scholarships for distinction students in 2012 and 2014. 
o Awards certificates for distinction students in 2014. 
Internship 
o I had two months to be trained and apprenticed about tools, 
program design and test IC with Verilog or VHDL in ICDREC. 
Experience 
SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS HCMC CE COMPLEX   (9/2015 – NOW) 
Production Innovation Part  System Development Engineer 
Achievement 
o SAMSUNG CERTIFICATE OF ACHIEVEMENT Best employee . 
Experience 
o More than 2 years of experience in computer science, analyze 
production line performance and deploying solutions to improve. 
o Working experience with Manufacturing Execution System, 
development and debug of support software, system for production 
management. 
o Knowledge in INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING – IE with loss analysis, 
eliminate to improve productivity and efficiency. 
o Executing equipment daily checklist activity, maintain and ensure 
production system, machine, device running smoothly and good 
condition for production. Problem solving which related devices, PCs, 
machines to prevent LINE stop. 
o To install, configure and manage new machine, PCs, Scanner: control 
and maximize existing automation machine/device efficiency. 
o Monitor equipment, check, write log file history, support user update 
software, firmware, troubleshoot when production system problems. 
o Make daily, weekly reports, countermeasures and apply solution for 
improving the next lots. 
o To work closely with others member in entire project to improve 
production system more effectively and make new automation solution 
to reduce manpower, control productivity and quality in Production.  
PERSONALITY  
Team Player 
⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿ 
Problem solving 
⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿ 
Communication 
⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿ 
Creativity 
⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿ 
Time management 
⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿ 
Working under pressure 
⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿ 
Responsible 
⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿⦿ 
HOBBIES 
Reading Book 
Playing Foolball/ Guitar 
Researching on modern 
technologies 
Listen Music/ Travel 
o Analyze, translate end-users issues and contact, coordinate with HQ 
members to get support. Power User training: prepare system/process 
manual. 
o Build computer control « Foolproof system » to support operators. 
Make work instruction and training operator for using equipment. 
Projects and innovation 
o Accessory Missing Detector project: Prevent accessory missing for 
finished goods. 
o Auto-print label project: In-line print box label automatically. 
o Auto scan serial number: Design and setup hardware, software interface 
with PLC. 
o Auto capture image: Make program capture of box before input 
packing. 
o ESD Foolproof system: Prevent operator missing take ESD when 
working. 
o Follow and support vendor transfer equipment, machine, technology  
o C# applications with SQL database, log file, Com port, PLC interface. 
Career Objective 
I want to work with challenging and progressive environment to develop 
my skills and experience. 
Learn more things when working in company to accumulate much 
experience for future promotion. 
Extra Activities 
Taking part in “Green Summer” program,volunteer activities in 2013. 
Member of the SAMSUNG SEHC foolball club, Guitar club 
Create online lessons and lectures about basic knowledge of electronics and 
micro-controller for high school students. 
