PHAM HONG LONG 
Mobile: 0932402086 
Email: blake_master1986@yahoo.com 
Senior Java Developer 
Personal Information: 
Name 
Pham Hong Long 
Birthday 
21/12/1986 
Languages Known 
English Advance 
Marital Status  
Married 
Alternative E-Mail 
Hobbies 
Hearing music and football and play game 
Current Address 
163A – Go Dua St – Tam Binh Ward – Thu Duc Dist  HCMC 
Education 
Bachelor of Information Technology University of Natural Science HCM City(2004-
2008) 
Summary 
6 years of experience in software development for desktop applications (Rich Client 
Platform), Web applications and server application based on Java, Spring 
framework, Hibernate, EJB, JPA, Web services Axis2, Struts1x, and Struts2x 
framework, JSF , JSP , HTML5 ,CSS3, Google Map, Google Web Toolkit. 
Good experience in networking programming: Socket programming over TCP, 
NETCONF over SSH2. 
Good knowledge in software development process based on Rational Unified 
Process and Agile/Scrum process. 
Good knowledge in MVC model. 
Strong experience in managing and handling all issues on frameworks: Spring, 
Hibernate, EJB, JPA, and Web Service. 
Experience at working with many platforms of Windows and Linux server/client. 
Well communicating in English. 
Good at time management, task prioritizing, and problem solving are development 
tasks and be technically competent with regards to the software products utilized. 
Technical Skills 
Programming Languages: Java, C/C++, Visual C, VB.Net, and XML. 
Java Technologies: Java Core, Design Pattern, Spring, Hibernate, EJB, JPA, 
Servlet/JSP, JSF 2.0, Java Web Services Axis2, Eclipse Rich Client Platform (based 
on Eclipse  Plug-in), SWT, Jasper report , Birt report. 
Build and packaged Tools: Ant, Maven, Cruise Control Auto Build, and packaged 
software (NSIS Tool). 
Web Technologies: Google Map API, HTML5, CSS3. 
Networking programming: TCP, NETCONF over SSH2, TELNET. 
Networking and Server service: Router, Switch, Routing, VLAN L2/L3, DNS, DHCP, 
VPN, FTP/TFTP, NAT, PIX Firewall, etc. 
Databases: Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, Postgres 
J2EE Server Application: JBOSS, Web Logic, Tomcat 
Tools and IDE:  Eclipse, Visual studio, Microsoft .Net, Netbean, Wireshark, SVN. 
Operating Systems: Windows 64/32 bits (Windows server 2003/2008 R2/not, 
Windows 7, Windows Vista, WindowsXP), Linux (RedHat, Ubuntu, Fedora, Android, 
iOS and Windows mobile 
Working process: Agile/Scrum 
Work Experience  
Company: FSoft 
Project: DTSS(DIRECTV Traffic and Scheduling System) 
Duration: 12/2013 – Now 
Role: Senior Java Developer 
Description: The DIRECTV Traffic and Scheduling System, or DTSS, is a software system 
that is central and indispensible to the DIRECTV broadcast.  Among the services it 
provides are the following: 
Definition of channels 
Definition of programming inventory 
Scheduling of the defined inventory onto the defined channels 
Generation of event-oriented playlists for broadcast center automation systems, 
based on the defined schedules 
Generation of data to be broadcast with the video, which defines which customers 
are authorized to watch it 
Notification of DIRECTV guide systems to define which channels are to appear in 
customers’ on-screen program guides 
Notification of DIRECTV guide systems to provide lists of some of the programming 
to appear in customers’ on-screen program guides 
Definitions of blackout regions to be applied to appropriate programming 
Merging of externally-supplied advertising schedules into the internally-scheduled 
playlists 
Assignment of broadcast center hardware resources to every playlist event 
Responsibilities: 
Communicate with customer to clarify requirements. 
Responsible to deploy, package and deliver product to customer. 
Perform technical support for new member. 
Technologies: 
Java application: EJB and Google Web Toolkit 
Web Server: Web Logic 
IDE: Eclipse RCP 
Achievements: 
Company: Infonam 
Project: Huawei 
Duration: 04/2013 – 10/2013 
Role: Senior Java Developer (Team Lead) 
Description: Huawei is a Java application to perform RPC request to Huawei router and 
handle all response are returned from device based on NETCONF over SSH2 protocol. 
Responsibilities: 
Design framework/structure project. 
Communicate with customer to clarify requirements. 
Manage time and resource as well. 
Responsible to deploy, package and deliver product to customer. 
Perform technical support for new member and customer as well. 
Technologies: 
Java application: Java core and Design Pattern 
Networking programming: Socket programming, NetConf over SSH2. 
IDE: Eclipse RCP 
Achievements: 
Company: Infonam 
Project: Celcom 
Duration: 12/2012 – 04/2013 
Role: Senior Java Developer (Team Lead) 
Description:  Celcom project had 2 sub projects (Data Collector and Report Generation).  
Data Collector is a Java application that is used for reading and collecting raw data 
from log files in customer system then refine and aggregate to gather expected 
data and then import them into database. 
Report Generation is a Java web application that used Jasper Report API as third 
party library to query and generate report from existing data that were collected 
by Data Collector before. 
Responsibilities: 
Design framework/structure for Data Collector project 
Communicate with customer to clarify requirements in needs. 
Develop almost features for project 
Responsible to deploy, package and deliver product to customer 
Perform technical support for new member and customer as well 
Technologies: 
J2EE Server Application: Tomcat 10.3.5 
Database: Oracle 11g 
UI Technology: JSF 2.0 and PrimeFaces , Jasper Report API 
IDE: Eclipse Indigo 
Achievements: 
Successfully and on-time delivered to customer with high quality products 
Company: Infonam 
Project: NSP project 
Duration: 06/2012 – 12/2012 
Role: Senior Java Developer (Team Lead) 
Description:  Syniverse is a company who provides telecom services in Hong Kong. NSP 
project aimed to develop a Web application for managing their subscriber’s information. 
Responsibilities: 
Make plan, design framework/structure for project 
Develop almost features for project 
Responsible to deploy, package and deliver product to customer 
Perform technical support for new member and customer as well 
Technologies: 
J2EE Server Application: WebLogic 10.3.5, EJB, JPA, Web Services Axis2 
Database: Oracle 11g 
UI Technology: JSF 2.0 and PrimeFaces 
IDE: Eclipse Indigo 
Achievements: 
Successfully and on-time delivered to customer with high quality products 
Company: Axon Active 
Project: IKool – Have 5 sub projects 
Duration: 11/2011 – 06/2012 
Role: Senior Java Developer (Key member) 
Description: Xpert Line is a company from Switzerland, focuses on BPM (Business 
Process Management) technologies. Their IDE tool was developed based on Eclipse Plug-in 
architecture. During the project, I was working for 5 sub projects: 
Business Task Reminder: manage all tasks of employees 
Citizen Arrival Manage: manage all information of citizen in country and 
when citizen arrival to destination 
Expert Security: manage the level and permission of employees in 
organization 
Scale Vector Graphic: draw the relationship in bubble between citizens or  
organization in company 
Google map component: display information of citizen in map likes address, 
building, floor and house hold details that citizen arrival 
Responsibilities: 
Develop new features for 5 projects following the pre-defined user stories 
Perform testing for all user stories that are developed myself 
Daily report to PO (Product Owner in Switzerland) 
Technologies: 
Ivy technology, BPMN 2.0 , Web Services , J2EE , EJB , JPA , HTML5 , 
Google Map , RIA , Birt Report 
IDE: Ivy IDE 
Database: Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL 
Achievements: 
Successfully delivered Business Task Reminder for customer 
Successfully delivered Expert Security for customer 
Successfully integrated Google map component, Scale Vector Graphic into 
Citizen Arrival Manage 
Company: TMA Solution 
Project: NETIL 
Duration: 01/2008 – 11/2011 
Role: Java Developer 
Description: NetIL was a project focused on Network Management System to manage all 
devices into real lab; you can discover all nodes in network and draw a topology on UI. 
NetIL supports almost vendors like Cisco, HP, etc…  
Responsibilities: 
Manage and handle all issues on JBOSS server, Spring framework, 
Hibernate and database 
Join to design framework structure for project 
Join to develop new features for product 
Technologies: 
Server platform: JBOSS Server, Spring framework, Hibernate, JMS, JMX, 
HornetQ 
Client platform: Eclipse Rich Client Platform (based on Eclipse  Plug-in) 
Database: Postgres 
Achievements: 
Successfully delivered 7.9.1 release 
Thanks for watching 
