1 
CURRICULUM VITAE 
A. PERSONAL  INFORMATION 
Name: Nguyen Duc My 
Gender: male 
Date of birth: October  6, 1993 
Place of birth: Ben Tre province 
Contract information: 
Address:  408/B5 room, Can Tho University’s dormitory (Campus II, 3/2 street, 
Xuan Khanh ward, Ninh Kieu district, Can Tho city, Vietnam) 
Email: nguyenducmy393@gmail.com 
Phone : +84 164 501 2538 
Characters: 
Patient, cheerful, self-made and sociable. 
Be able to control the personal feeling, be self-confident in communication. 
Hobbies 
Playing guitar, listen to music, volunteer activities. 
B. EDUCATION 
7 – 2015 : study level B Grammar,  The Center for Foreign Languages, Can Tho 
University. 
2011 – 2015: study Computer Engineering, Can Tho University 
GPA: 2.71/4 (updating) 
Subjects studied: 
Programming languages: Assembly, C/C++, Python. 
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, Android. 
Embedded System, Image processing, Network system. 
Microprocessor (Texas Instrument). 
Some projects: 
Design and implementation of antenna shelf auto – rotating tracking 
satellite CubeSat. 
The remote control electric equipment of communication between Arduino 
and Android. 
C. OBJECTIVE AND ORIENTATION 
Sort term gloals: become and good engineer for companies work in electric and 
telecommunication. 
Long term gloals: become a project team leader or deparment head at the company. 
D. SKILLS 
Time management: 
Always make schedule for main works in week. In most of the cases these 
works are successfully completed before deadline. 
Always get started with more important works. 
Communication and presentation skill : 
Feel easy to talk with everyone in most of case 
Be able to explain the problems in study clearly to other classmates. 
To be self-confident to make presentations. 
2 
Team work and leading skill: 
Used to be team leader for almost term assignments and thesis at school 
Be able to solve problems between members 
Being fiery, active and enthusiastic while working in group 
Always make funs and create comfortable working atmosphere 
English: 
Be able to communicate well in English. 
High capability in reading and profiling English documents. 
Computer: 
Have good knowledge about C/C+ + and Python language 
Good at MS office 2010, Windows 7/8/10, Linux (Ubuntu , Debian), Internet 
Be able to use specialized softwares in electronics (IAR, Matlab, Proteus, 
Multisim, …) . 
Experienced using image processing (Java programing). 
E. EMPLOYMENT HISTOTY 
6/2012 – 8/2012: 
To be employee at Thanh Cong company (specialized in printing, photocopying 
of ducuments in Can Tho) 
Working attitude: 
Enthusiastic and responsible. 
Friendly and sociable with colleagues. 
Achievement: 
Got 900, 000 VND in month. 
Have a good relationship with director and still keep in touch. 
F. VOLUNTARY WORK EXPERIENCE 
2012 – 2014: 
To be Commissioner of the Executive Committee of Student Joint Association 
Ben Tre, from 2012 – 2014. 
Others activities: 
To give blood at Can Tho University on August 8, 2012. 
Visit and give present for dioxin-affected and orphaned children in Can Tho with 
classmates every semester. 
G. REFERANCE 
Dr. Truong Phong Tuyen 
Vice Dean of  Deparment Electrics and Telecommunication, College of Engineer 
Technology, Can Tho University. 
Phone: +84 916 810 860 
Email: tptuyen@ctu.edu.vn 
