HUỲNH THỊ DIỆU ÁI
HUMAN RESOURCE INTERNSHIP
Take advantages of training  recruitment
skills and experience; broaden knowledge in
field of human resource to become a
professional Human Resource Staff and bring
a lot value to Customers. From that, I will
contribute to development of your company.
Public Speaking
Teamwork
English
Office
CONTACT INFORMATION
Date of birth
July 03, 1997
Gender
Female
Phone
(+84) 162 642 0036
Email
dieuai3797@gmail.com
Address
Dormitory Zone A, Linh
Trung Ward, Thu Duc
District, Ho Chi Minh City
Website
https://www.facebook.c
om/backtothes
OBJECTIVES
SKILLS
CERTIFICATIONS
Excellent member of IU Social Work Team
2016
Certificate of completion of training course
for union staff
2016
WORK EXPERIENCES
UBM  SES (formerly Singapore Exhibition Services)
Staff Exhibition
Main responsibilities:  Collect visitors surveys.  Direct way for visitors in the exhibition show.  Take responsibility as PG staff.
Recognition and Gains:  Achieve high target in surveys for reporting.  Increase the efficiency through the exhibition shows  Improve teamwork skill.  Enhance communication skill.
2016  2017
YAN NEWS
Freelance Writer  Responsible for writing in Magazine Blog.  Edit post and increase view.
Achievements and skills gained:  Increase views for Magazine Blog.  Observe and improve writing skill in Vietnamese.
2017  Present
EDUCATION
University of the West of England  Cooperative training program
with International University  Vietnam National University.
Major: Business Management
GPA: 3.2/4
2015  2019
VOLUNTARY WORK EXPERIENCES
IU Student Recruitment Campaign
Consultant  Bring a certain information as well as the image of our university
to parents and student.
2016  2017
Reading
Cooking
Music
Traveling  Enthusiastic, open minded, caring and
resourceful. I'm optimistic, have a good sense
of humour and get on easily with people of all
ages and backgrounds.  Result  oriented and multitasking person.  I greatly admire the W.H.O., and would
welcome the chance to work with an
organization in which I can develop the
experience gained during my voluntary
activities. 
Participation in the Spring Volunteer Program
2016
Excellent member of IU Student Recruitment
Campaign.
2017
INTERESTS
PERSONAL PROFILE  Support Office of Academic Affair in urgent situation.  Support SRC Leader Team in specific events.
IU Social Work Team
Human Resources
As a human resource member in a team leader, my main
responsibility ( but no limited to) include:  Create the volunteer recruitment form.  Check form of volunteers in important events.  Set up the route to the event place.  Arrange the motorbikes positions to ensure all of the volunteers
having support from our members.  Connect people together and encourage them.  Find out the root of problems when conflict occurred, put them
back to the neutral emotion and support them to make sure our
work will go smoothly.
2015  2017
Business Administration Youth Union
Memer
2015  2016
