Curriculum vitae 
P a g e  | 1 
Linh, Nguyen Son (Mr.) 
Date of Birth:  
14-December-1988 
ID number:         024092157 
Sex:                   Male 
Marital Status: Single 
Place of Birth:  Hochiminh City, Vietnam 
Address:  
82 Hoang Hoa Tham street, ward 12, 
Tan Binh district, Hochiminh city, 
Vietnam 
Nationality: 
Vietnam 
+84-96 846 1030 
nguyensonlinh1412@gmail.com  
Objective 
Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the Information Technology Industry 
that offers Professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible. 
Main skills 
Many experiences in 
network administration for 
users and systems 
Good English skills 
Soft skills of 
organization, team 
work, presentation, 
motivation and 
convince 
Good IT education 
background 
Education background 
Degree(s) 
Bachelor of Electrical & Electronic, 12/2011 
University of Transport in HCM City 
Certification(s) 
Cisco Certified Network Associate, 07/2011 
Viet Professional Co., Ltd 
Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator,   
08/2014 
Nhat Nghe Co., Ltd 
Curriculum vitae 
P a g e  | 2 
Working experiences 
January 2013 – Now: 
System Administrator 
Almost time, I just managed and maintained a virtualized system with 3 IBM servers (DC,   
Services, Data), 3 L2 switches (using VLANs), 1 L3 switch (routing VLANs of 3 switches and 
4 WAN fiber), 5 Internet lines (4 fiber for main line and 1 ADSL for backup line). Besides, I 
also took care of some small internal applications and helpdesk. 
February  2012 – December 2012:  
Helpdesk 
After graduated, I have workded for Department of Justice HCMC as a helpdesk. This was 
my first job, first company I worked for. In that time, there was just one helpdesk for 
supporting 100 users (because only two personal was in IT team, I was helpdesk and Mr. 
Nguyen Ba Phan Tung was in charge of Network system). 
My main task was to support users to solve troubles and/or issues in using PCs, Laptops, 
softwares, peripherals and a little of network. Besides, I helped them consultancy and install 
PCs, internal devices, and softwares that depend on their needs. 
Sometimes, I also trained users in using softwares (Windows, Word, Excel, Powerpoint, 
internet) and peripherals (Printer, fax, scanner, IP phone, Camera) when they was launched 
or updated. 
Quarterly, I had to schedule to maintain PCs, Laptops and other IT deivices to check the 
usage and needs of users to plan to upgrade for them. 
More information 
Object: 
Enthusiastically participate in Charity, Social and Cultural activities of the 
Labor Union, Public Authorities and Social Organization. 
Never stop to do research especially in electronic telecommunication 
Always try my best to get knowledge from new technology. 
Develop my skills with development of company, I want to prove myself. 
Interests: 
Football, Travelling, Music, Reading… 
Curriculum vitae 
P a g e  | 3 
(options)  
Curriculum vitae 
P a g e  | 4 
