CURRICULUM VITAE 
INDIVIDUAL INFORMATION 
Full name     : HOA CONG HOANG PHI 
Gender         : Male   
DOB 
: November 3rd, 1990                    Place of birth: Buon Ma Thuot City, DakLak, Vietnam 
Ethnic group : Kinh                                          
Address 
: 18/61B Tran Quang Dieu, Ward 12 , Dist. 3, HCMC, Vietnam 
Cellphone  
: +84 122 676 7173  
Marital status: Single 
Email 
: hoaconghoangphi@gmail.com 
EXPERIENCES 
Oct 2013  present : As IT Software Developer at HSBC Bank (Vietnam) Ltd. 
+ Design and develop applications (including software design, database design, systems 
architecture, application programming, and QA testing) 
+ Participate in user requirement specifications due to ability to translate user needs into easy-
to-understand software solutions.   
+ Create some VB applications to allow users to access data in a secure, rapid, reliable, and 
responsive manner. 
+ Provide and introduce methodologies as well as best practices that enhanced product 
definition, release processes and customization of applications to user needs 
Achievement: 
+ Successfully assisting RBWM for the streaming process and enhancing information security 
when cascading the information/data to all staff level in Mar 15. 
+ Successfully providing solutions for report automation to help Mobile Sales team to complete 
their business with the VIP customer.  
+ Contributed software engineering expertise in the development of products through the 
software lifecycle, from requirements definition through successful deployment. 
+ Excelled in rapid application development and management of technological issues for 
assigned projects, earning the highest customer satisfaction rating for all software solutions 
delivered 
Technical skills gained: 
+ Master in building a Monarch model, shows how to extract data from a typical list style 
report, and quickly add summary information that doesn’t appear in the report. 
+ Knowledgeable about HSBC core-banking system: HUB QRY and VDU 
April 2013 – Sep 2013:  As Internship at Vietnam Data Communication (VDC2)  
+ Building a web or a desktop application by using API to 
access domain name WHOIS information to look up for domain registration information 
+ Worked with telecommunication networks such as Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS)  
+ Providing daily operational support and system administration for core network infrastructure 
include monitoring, analysis, network performance, packet sniffers, Cisco routers and 
switches and wireless systems 
OBJECTIVES 
+ To obtain a full time position at The American Academy of Vietnam (AMA) as a software 
developer. 
+ To desire of enriching my knowledge and a great opportunity to broaden my experience of 
the various processes concerning the projects of AMA. 
QUALIFICATIONS 
9/2008 – 10/2013 : Bachelor’s Degree of Engineer in Information Technology  Posts & 
Telecommunications Institute of Technology, Ho Chi Minh city  
Excellent experienced in programming skills and databases such as: 
+ Languages: C#, Java, Visual Basic, VBA, ASP.NET(Web), Lotus Notes script 
+ Databases: SQL Server, DB2 
+ Web application platform: Sharepoint (CMS) 
3/2013 
: TOEIC certificate at 655 marks 
2005  2008 
: Nguyen Khuyen High School 
OTHER SKILLS & PERSONAL QUALITIES 
+ Excellent in Excel (especially Macro VBA), Word, data analytic & reporting skills.  
+ Ability to communicate in English fluently. 
+ Effective communication skills and inter- personal skills 
+ Able to work under high pressure, punctual, reliable 
+ Able to work in a team or as an individual  
+ Eager to learn and willing to receive feedback 
+ Quickly able to adapt to new environment  
+ Honestly to receive the opinions and ideas of others 
ACTIVITIES 
+ Participating in Charity activities of Cooperate Sustainability team (24 hours, Charity 
Fundraising with HSBC Vocal Team, helping ethnic minority in Di Linh – Lam Dong… ) 
+ Performing as guitarist, dancer in Annual party of HSBC Bank 
+ Participating in HSBC Sports Day with CTP’s futsal team and ping-pong challenge.  
HOBBIES  
+ Playing guitar, ping-pong, soccer, swimming.  
+ Books and traveling. 
REFERENCE 
Mr. Nguyen Hoang Dung – SwD Manager, Software Delivery 
HSBC Bank (Vietnam) Ltd. 
235 Dong Khoi, District 1, HCMC 
Mobile: 0907 968 666 
Or 
Mr. Vu Ba Quang   SwD Manager, Software Delivery 
HSBC Bank (Vietnam) Ltd. 
235 Dong Khoi, District 1, HCMC 
Mobile: 0989 771 596 
