 
HUY NGUYEN 
Tan Phu District, Ho Chi Minh  0985180822 
huynguyen0419@gmail.com  https://www.linkedin.com/in/huy-nguyen-423452136/  
Dear Mr. Hiring Manager, 
I’m applying for the position of  Data Scientists. My resume with detailed work experience is enclosed. Based on 
the job description, I think this position looks both fun and challenging — and a great place for me to further my career! 
If you have a moment, I’d love to ask you more questions around the tools you’re using and the types of projects I 
might be running if hired. 
And, if you have any questions about my resume, feel free to reach out over email or call me directly 
at my phone number at the header. 
Hope to hear from you soon, 
Huy Nguyen 
EXPERIENCE 
JUNE 2018 – CURENT 
QC AUTOMATION ENGINEER, TERRALOGIC – SOFTWARE OUTSOURCING 
RESPONSIBLE: 
Develop and configure test automation networks and execute stability and performance tests. 
Coordinate with product management and software and support engineers to deliver stable release software 
products. 
Develop and execute test automation through Appium, Python and hardware and software test tools. 
Estimate test accurately and coordinate with team members for work activities. 
Apply, design and develop automated testing strategies and build automated testing frameworks. 
Analyze and verify best automated and manual test approaches and execute acceptance, integration, installation 
and system testing. 
Establish test strategy and manual and automated test suites. 
Technology: Appium, Robot, Jira, Testrail, Python 
DEC 2017 – JUN 2018 
EMBEDDED ENGINEER, GREYSTONE DATA SYSTEM – HDD OEM 
REPONSIBLE: 
Design and implement software of embedded devices and systems from requirements to production and 
deployment 
Design, develop, code, test and debug system software 
Review code and design 
Analyze and enhance efficiency, stability and scalability of system resources 
Integrate and validate new product designs 
Provide post production support 
Interface with hardware design and development 
Technology: C/C++, Embedded Linux 
2 
APR 2017 – DEC 2017 
PYTHON DEVELOPER, KAGGLE CANDIDATE 
Worklist: 
Running machine learning experiments using a programming language with machine learning libraries. 
Optimizing solutions for performance 
Implementing custom machine learning code 
Preprocessing data 
Technology: Python, Keras, Scikit-learn 
https://github.com/dehuy69/Machine_Learning 
SKILLS 
Python, C/C++ 
Keras, Scikit-learn 
Mathematics: linear algebra, probability 
statistics, matrix 
Feature extraction and analysis 
Optimizing Model 
Linux driver, firmware 
