 
Phat Lam 
Software Engineer 
lamthanhphat@gmail.com 
(84)(97)361-9499 
Ho Chi Minh City 
Address: 250 Nam Hoa Street, District 9, Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam 
Target: Before I will be thirty, I must have a product which can support many people or sharing 
knowledge to them 
Work History 
FPT Software 
Software Developer 
In FPT Software, I had worked on three main project. In these project, I had worked on 
many technologies from web application, android application, iOS application to backend 
system. I was also a team lead. 
Jul 2012  Aug 2015 
Education 
Information Technology Engineering 
Nong Lam University 
In this time, I had been trained about Java language, database management system, and 
skill analysis and design system. I had also studied network system, security issue when 
developing and deploy a product. 
My graduation essay is: “Research to deploy and evaluate effectiveness of load 
balancing techniques for web applications built on the Liferay portal”. 
2008  2012 
Strengths 
Agile methodologies 
▱▱▱▱▱▱▱▱▱▱ 
Backend development 
Java, Spring, MySQL, PostgreSQL 
▱▱▱▱▱▱▱▱▱▱ 
Frontend development 
HTML5, Javascript, CSS3, AngularJS 
▱▱▱▱▱▱▱▱▱▱ 
Cloud computing 
AWS, Google cloud platform 
▱▱▱▱▱▱▱▱▱▱ 
Work Experience 
In the university, when I did my graduation essay, I used to Jmeter to create an automation test for web application. 
Because we had to evaluate effectiveness of load balancing, we needed to create a test plan with many users. We 
had many problems when making automation test with a multi-steps scenario. But we tried with many solution and 
finally we could solve them. In the current time, I can do automation test with Jmeter well. 
In FPT Software, when starting working, I joined to web developer team. At this time, I had studied all knowledge 
about HTML, CSS and JavaScript. After one month, I could work as a senior web developer. Our team worked on a 
framework single page application which is built on JavaScript. This application had to run on many different 
devices so that we met a lot of errors on compatibility of CSS and performance on old device android or old iOS 
version. Although there were still many limits, our product could release successfully. 
In Aug 2013, I was sent to work in Japan one month. This was an opportunity for me to experience the Japanese 
culture and working style of Japanese. We had to iterate with customer device (mobile devices and televisions), so 
that I coded some dummy code for my team members could remote and debug on browser of PC. 
From Oct 2013 to Aug 2014, besides developing web application, I had developing mobile application for android 
and iOS. I written a new iOS application to replace the old application only one day. Because the size of old 
application was big and run lowly. The day after release to customer, we got a blocker issue with new app. I was 
afraid that I could not fix it and customer would revert the old app. I tried to fix this issue in that morning. 
From Apr 2014 to Aug 2014, our team developed an application from customer idea. As role technical leader and 
sub-PM, my team members and I had to design the system structure, screen design and make a demo for customer. 
My friends and I were really much bigger after this project. 
From Sep 2014 to Aug 2015, I joined a big project. Finally, this project could not release success but I got the 
experience about project management, analysis an enterprise system or many new technical. During developing this 
project, I would suggest my idea in the meeting and discuss with others. I maintained and improved the 
authentication system by only myself. I discussed and shared my knowledge to other members. In this time, I had 
practiced many skills from designing and developing front-end website to fixing and maintaining issues of API 
system backend. 
Tool: I have worked with IntelliJ Idea for three years. I used many others such as Apache HTTP, Tomcat, Maven, 
SVN, GIT 
