 
Mai Tran Nguyen An 
SENIOR WEB DEVELOPER 
Career 
Summary: 
More than 3 years experienced web developer with the track record of progress in fast paced 
and complex business environment. Exceptionally organizational and planning skills with the 
ability to work under pressure skills and outstanding team building and client satisfaction. A 
quick learner who can absorb new ideas and can communicate clearly and 
effectively. Currently looking for a opportunity to join a dynamic, ambitious, growing 
company and forge a career as a first class website developer.   
Key Skills: 
Solid web development experience using PHP, MySQL, Smarty, AJAX, HTML5, CSS3, 
XML and JavaScript/jQuery 
Knowledge of Responsive Web Design. 
Building large scale ecommerce websites with CMS systems. 
Building Android App. 
Tools: Adobe Photoshop,  Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Illustrator, Sublime Text, 
Android Studio. 
Excellent attention to detail both front and back end. 
Exceptionally good communication skills with the strong problem solving and 
troubleshooting skills. 
Able to clearly communicate technical data to non technical clients. 
Professional 
Experience: 
Web Developer – Team Leader 
Derasoft Co., Ltd  
Tan Binh Dicstrict, Ho Chi Minh City  
May 2015 – Present 
Lead team of 4 staffs.  
Mentoring and training up junior and new staff. 
Developing enterprise CMS systems.  
Creating websites that are user-friendly, effective and appealing 
Producing, modifying and maintaining websites and web applications. 
Testing a website, identifying bugs and technical problems. 
Meeting with customers and end users to analyse their needs. 
Maintain the account of performance issues and developed complex database 
components. 
Writing support documentation and provided training to internal and external users.  
Resolve problems of production by working with the end-users. 
Android Developer 
Derasoft Co., Ltd 
Tan Binh Dicstrict, Ho Chi Minh City 
May 2014  August 2014 
Created 3 fully functional applications for Android devices. 
Wrote clean, clear, efficient, well-tested, and maintainable code. 
Web Developer 
Derasof Co., Ltd 
Tan Binh Dicstrict, Ho Chi Minh City 
May 2012   April 2015 
Translate designs to front-end code, estimate time and costs, and determine 
developer requirements and specifications. 
Developing enterprise CMS systems.  
Porfilo 
Check my online porfilo 
Educational 
qualifications: 
Bachelor of Science with Credit, Electronics  Telecommunication, University of Natural 
Sciences, Ho Chi Minh City 
Contact 
Mobile: 0169 208 1649 
Email:  an.maitrannguyen@gmail.com  
Address:  256/4, Tan Phuoc Street, Ward 6,  District 10, Ho Chi Minh City 
References 
Available on request 
References 
Furnished upon request 
