CUONG TRAN
cuong.tran@cs.rutgers.edu ⋄ 732-875-8648
Department of Computer Science ⋄ Rutgers University
OBJECTIVE
I am looking for a full-time job in machine learning/computer vision related areas.
RESEARCH INTEREST
I have a broad interest in machine learning related topics area. For now, I focus on Copula and Transfer Learning.
I also enjoy working with Graph and Combinatorial algorithms which are related to my teaching assistant job.
EDUCATION
Department of Computer Science, Rutgers University
2013-current
Graduate Student in Computer Science with a specialization in Machine Learning and Computer Vision
GPA: 3.55/4.00
Course work:Linear Programming, Machine Learning, Computer Vision, Data Mining, Advanced Algorithms,
Introduction to Artiﬁcial Intelligence, Numerical Analysis, Pattern Recognition.
SoICT, Hanoi University of Science and Technology
August 2007 – June 2012
B.S. in Computer Science
Overall GPA: 7.58/10.0, convertible to 4 grade: 3.37/4.0 (based on VEF conversion table)
Graduate grade: Good. Ranking: 15%
Thesis: Intrusion Detection under Covariate Shift using modiﬁed classiﬁcation techniques
Thesis Grade: 9.8/10. Best thesis mark (1/13)
WORK EXPERIENCE
Research Experience
1. Transfer learning with Copula
We employ the strength of copula to transfer the knowledge from the source domain to the target domain,
thus improve the predictive performance of the target model.
Research advisor: Prof. Vladimir Pavlovic, Rutgers University
Jan, 2016- current
2. Gaussian Process for Noisy Inputs with Ordering Constraints
We studied the regression problem under uncertain input when some prior knowledge such as the ordering of
the underlying true inputs is given. We developed a Bayesian learning framework to estimate the posterior
of the underlying true inputs given the observed data under Gaussian Process framework. The proposed
model showed promising results over the sea level dataset.
Research advisor: Prof. Vladimir Pavlovic & Prof. Robert Kopp, Rutgers University
Jan, 2014- Dec, 2015
Teaching Experience
1. CS 344- Design and Analysis of Algorithms
Fall 2015, Spring 2016 , Spring 2017
2. CS 512- Introduction to Data Structures and Algorithms
This class is for graduate level. Fall 2016
PUBLICATIONS
Cuong Tran, Vladimir Pavlovic and Ognjen Rudovic , Unsupervised domain adaptation with copula models.
IEEE International Workshop on Machine Learning for Signal Processing 2017
Cuong Tran, Vladimir Pavlovic and Robert Kopp, Gaussian Process for Noisy Inputs with Ordering Con-
straints. https://arxiv.org/abs/1507.00052
Tran Dinh Cuong and Nguyen Giang, Intrusion Detection under Covariate Shift using modiﬁed Support
Vector Machine and modiﬁed Backpropagation, Proceedings of the Third Symposium on Information and
Communication Technology, pp 255-260, School of Information & Communication Technology, August 2012
(ISBN: 978-1-4503-1232-5)
TECHNICAL STRENGTHS
Computer Languages
Matlab (proﬁcient), C/C++ (proﬁcient), Java (good), R(good)
Databases
MySQL, Microsoft SQL
Tools
Netbeans, Microsoft Visual Studio, Matlab or Octave, LibSVM
Operating Systems
Windows, Linux (Ubuntu)
MATHEMATICAL BACKGROUND
Strong background in Statistics and Probability, Optimization, Numerical Analysis, Linear Algebra, Real Anal-
ysis, Graph Theory
Good background in Bayesian and Asymptotics Statistics, Functional Analysis, Abstract Algebra
LEADERSHIP
Leader of a group of about ﬁfty Catholic students involving activities for charity
Leader of research groups for courses “Artiﬁcial Intelligence”, “Discrete Mathematics”, and “Network Security”
HONOR AND AWARDS
2007
School Annual Scholarship for outstanding students
2012
Vietnam Education Foundation Fellowship 2013-a stipend of 54k $ received in two years.
2015-2017
Rutgers Teaching Assistantship
2017
Rutgers TA/GA Professional Development Fund Award- 925 $
REFERENCES
Prof. Vladimir Pavlovic– Research Supervisor
Department of Computer Science
Rutgers University
Email: vladimir@cs.rutgers.edu
Prof. Mary Jane Irwin – VEF Interviewer
Evan Pugh Professor
Department of Computer Sicence and Engineering
The Pennsylvania State University
Email: maryjaneirwin@vef.gov
Website: http://www.cse.psu.edu/research/mdl/mji/
Dr. Ognjen Rudovic – Research advisor
Research Fellow
MIT Media Lab
Massachusetts Institute Of Technology
Email: orudovic@mit.edu
Prof. Edward Scheinerman – VEF interviewer
Department of Applied Mathematics & Statistics
Johns Hopkins University
Email: ers@jhu.edu
Wesbiste: Website:http://www.ams.jhu.edu/~ers/
