PHU QUI CHAU
HCMC, Viet Nam  090.3322.044  0906.301087  rooneychow1987@gmail.com
Senior .NET Developer
JOB OBJECTIVE
Looking for a position as a software engineer and work in a professional environment.
Summary
Highly skilled IT professional with more 3 years experiences including application development, implementation, deployment,
internal and customer support
Cooperative and able to perform within a team-oriented atmosphere
Teamwork: Learn to organize work and collaborative work with many people
Advanced English communication
Good presentation skills
Be able to solve problem quickly, high self-conscious
Ability to high pressure
Diligent and eager to learn, easy to adapt to new environments
Good logical thinking
Good communication: Appearance-looking, seriously, listen and speak at the right time
Ability to search for information on the Internet possible
TOEIC 700
Technical Skills
Databases: Oracle, MS SQL Server, My SQL
Programming Languages: C#, Xaml, Linq, XML, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Jquery, PL/SQL
Programming Tools: Visual Studio, SQL Server Management Studio, NetBeans, Dreamweaver
App server / Middleware: Microsoft IIS, Apache
Configuration Management tools: VSS, SVN, JIRA, TFS, GIT
Browsers: IE, Firefox, Chrome
OOAD/OOP: Object Oriented Analysis (OOA), Object Oriented Design (OOD), Object Oriented Programming (OOP)
Work History
Nov 2015  Present
Senior Software Developer
Harvey Nash Vietnam
Attend Bootcamp Program for Senior Developer and join a training project "HVN Training Online"
Jun 2014  Oct 2015
Senior .NET Web Developer
PlayStudio
Control and develope WEB function, enhancing performance, support
technical
May 2011  Jun 2014
.NET Developer
https://www.visualcv.com/quicp_cv
Technologies Using
.Net 4.0
C#
Jquery
Javascript
CSS
Ajax
LinQ to SQL
WCF
SQL Server 2008
Telerik
Bootstrap
Projects
HVN Training Online: 
Description:
.This is an internal project of Bootcamp Training Program of Harvey Nash for new SSE. We will use Harvey Nash common library and
new technologies we know to apply to the project. Our mentor will review our code to consider if we applied SOLID, DRY OR KISS to
achieve the project.
. Team Size: 6 (including a SCRUM MASTER)
. Technologies Used: C#, MVC 5, Entity Framework Code First, SignalR, BootStraps, Jquery, SVN, HVN common library
Equipment Portal:
Description:
. Project’s product is a Website for Customers of Company manage, buy/sale, 
rent Equipment, … . Support multi languages, connect to external device. 
. Team Size: 6
. Technologies Used: C#, MVC5, SignalR, AngularJS, API, PostgreSQL, Ajax, bootstraps, Jquery, GIT
FrtInside :
Customer: FPTRetail
Description:
. Websites internal management of FPT Retail, including features such as
Managing employees
Check employees in/out
Arrange shift for employee sale
Calculate incentive for sales, salary for employees
Managing organizational hierarchy
Internal requirements
Link: inside.fptshop.com.vn
FPT Telecom
Communicate with partners/customers for getting requirements.
Organize and assign the tasks to workgroup.
Analyze requirements/issues.
Design database, making Prototype and writing technical documentation for database systems.
Coding with languages C#, HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuery, Linq, PL/SQL... and Unit test.
Writing Store Procedures, …
Writing Service provide information for other websites in FPT’s system via WCF.
Check the consistency and accuracy of data.
Backup/restore Database.
Check, review the assigned work of the members, synthesis and reporting.
Support activities, monitoring database system and troubleshoot the database problem.
Research new technology.
https://www.visualcv.com/quicp_cv
ACC :
Customer: Internal
Description:
Websites internal management about studying and examinations for the employees of FPT Corp, including features such as :
Managing Lecturers, Subjects, Documents, Exams, …
Import/Export Exams, Documents …
Calculate the scores and show the results.
Globalization (adding English language to the Project).
Internal requirements
Link: acc.fpt.com.vn
FTEL SCM – Supply Chain Management (Version 1) :
Customer: Internal
Description:
Managing Items (produced/supplied by FPT) to provide for Departments in FPT Telecom Company
Managing Items, Vendors, Branches, Stores, Inventories …
Users of system are gotten from another database of FPT through a service.
Approval Order Requests and Stock out Requests including many steps before provide items for departments or personal.
Approval Delivery Plans and Allocations after an Order Request or Stock out Request  was approved
. Internal requirements
Link: scm.fpt.net
FTEL SCM – Supply Chain Management (Version 2) :
Customer: Internal
Description:
. Like version 1 but using MVC5 for improvement and the interfaces are more beautiful
. More Internal requirements
Link: v02.fpt.scm.net
Some small researching projects in Android and iOS, calling an MVC API from the Clouds
Education
2005  2007
TOEIC 700
VATC (VietNam  American Training College)
I was studying here to improve my English Skills although I had been very good at English before. At here, I
got a TOEIC Degree with a very high score (700). The degree is out of date now but my English knowledge
seems to be unlimited
2005  2010
Software Engineer
Faculty of Information Technology  University of Natural Sciences
A very good and famous University about Information Technology in Ho Chi Minh City
2007  2010
HDSE (High Diploma of Software Engineer)
FPT Aptech Academy
I was studying this school while studying the third year at University of Natural Sciences. I want to improve
my practical programming skills in real world. It is also the reason why I have been working at FPT
Telecom up to now, a very good working environment to me.
https://www.visualcv.com/quicp_cv
