Mr. NGUYEN QUOC DUY
Date of Birth: December 31, 1980
Permanent Address: 49, 13 Street, Hiep Thanh Ward, 
Thu Dau Mot City, Binh Duong Province, Vietnam
Mobile phone: 0933.580.157
E-mail: ngquduy@gmail.com
OBJECTIVES  Try to learning as much as possible and doing my best in order to accomplish my
task.  To have good opportunities to get promotion in my job.  Develop my skills with development of company, I want to prove myself.
EXPERIENCES
Februay 2014 – Present
Freelanser 
Support for some friends, some factories in IT issues. (PCs, Laptops, printers, LAN,
internet.......) 
August 2012 – Februay 2014
Vietturk Co., Ltd 
IT Support specialist
Viettutk Company is a garment jackets company's Turkey, experts for brands such as
Hugo Boss…
Responsibility:  Manage IT room  Manage, maintain and backup database (MS SQL server 2000)  Install, repair, and ensure proper working for all PC in the company.  Manage, maintain, and fixing all hardware (Printer, PC, Server, Network, PABX
system...  Manage and maintain company IT network and server.  Supported Admin Department to manage the telephone system.  Plan and carry out information back up daily.  Setup, configuration Server and LAN system, maintain computer, handle 
troubleshoot, support end user  Managing SQL database system (Vietnamese accountant software)  Checking security, scanning anti-virus  Making plan and report to factory manager.
January 2006 – July 2012
Esquel Garment Manufacturing Co Ltd. – Vietnam
IT technical support
Esquel Group – Hong Kong is one of the world's leading producers of premium
cotton shirts (Nike, Tommy, ect . . .)
Responsibility:   Performed  network  management, helpdesk  administration,  backup  software &
application development,  Install, repair, and ensure proper working for all PC in the company.  Manage, maintain, and fixing all hardware (Printer, PC, Server, Network, PABX
system...  Add, authorized users and remove users on system.  Manage and maintain company IT network and server.  Internet: Acceleration, security. (Linux and Squid)  Manage antivirus system (Symantec)  Support Admin Department to manage the telephone system.  Plan and carry out information back up daily.
Achievements:  Built full IT system for new factory at AMATA industrial zone: using main internal
IT team based on vendor’s minimum allowance.  Successful to renovate full IT network system as Esquel IT standard  Built & successfully applied GPRO system, Esquel Vietnam to be the first company
to successfully use these technologies for their production tracking control in real
time in Vietnam.
SKILLS  System Analysis and Design.  Troubleshooting quickly  English skills: spoken, read and written
EDUCATION  2007: SaiGon CTT
Lean Cisco CCNA certification  2009 : Tan Duc (TD&T) IT School JSC
Configuration and troubleshooting windows server 2008 active directory domain
services.  1999 – 2003: Binh Duong University  Binh Duong, Vietnam
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology (Graduated  2003)  1996 – 1999: Dau Tieng High School – Binh Duong, VietNam
