Page 1 of 6 
NGUYEN NHAT QUANG 
Address:  
539 Cach Mang Thang 8 Street, District 10, HCMC, Vietnam 
Tel: 
0918.907.414 
Email:  
nnq80@yahoo.com 
BACKGROUND  
Over 10 years of experience in software design & development process.  
Over 7 years of experience in Java web and service based architecture development. 
Having knowledge of full application life cycle design tools and methodologies, e.g. 
Scrum and Agile. 
Having a deep understanding of n-tier and distributed application development. 
Having good Java development skills (JSP, J2EE, EJB, Spring, Hibernate, JNDI, Java 
API, Struts).  
Experience with front-end technologies (e.g. HTML, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS, AJAX) 
and libraries (e.g. JQuery, JQueryUI) and AngularJS framework.  
Experience in designing, creating and consuming Web Services, SOA, SaaS (using 
REST, SOAP, JSON, OAuth2) and multi-tier applications in Java. 
Familiarity with open source software (e.g. Apache Foundation projects).  
Having knowledge of both SQL and NoSQL (e.g. MongoDB) development.  
Familiar with continuous build environments (e.g. Hudson, Jenkins, Sonar, etc.).  
Conversant with web/application servers – Apache, Tomcat, JBoss, Orion. 
Having knowledge of and ability to apply proficiently common design patterns. 
Familiar with source code management systems (e.g. Git, SVN, CVS) and IDEs 
(Eclipse).  
Excellent troubleshooting skills, ability to multi-task and prioritize, and comfort 
refactoring unfamiliar code. 
Intellectual flexibility and curiosity with a willingness to learn. 
Having leadership qualities. 
Good at communicating in English. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Development Tools: MS Visual Studio, Eclipse, IntellJ IDEA 
Programming Languages/Scripts: C#, Java, JSP, ASP, PHP, ASP.NET, JavaScript, 
PL/SQL, HTML, DHTML, CSS, XML, AJAX, C, C++, VB, UML, Ant, Maven2… 
Technologies: .NET Framework, AppFuse framework, Struts, Spring, Spring MVC, 
Hibernate, JSF, RichFaces, ZK framework, Jasper Report, J2EE, EJB, XFire, JUnit, 
Dojo, RESTful, JMeter, AngularJS, Selenium… 
Databases: MS SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL. 
Data Modeling Tools: Power Designer, MS Visio, Rational Rose 
Application Servers: IIS, Apache Tomcat, JBoss, Orion, Apache 
Operating Environments: Windows/Ubuntu/Linux 
Page 2 of 6 
PERSONAL 
Nationality: Vietnam 
Languages: Vietnamese, English 
EDUCATION 
University of Foreign Language and Information Technology, VN, 1998; BA 
Aptech College, VN, 2002; Higher Diploma in Software Engineering 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
HRBoss, HCMC, Vietnam 
01/2013 – present 
Senior Programmer Analyst 
1. HiringBoss: HiringBoss is the only eRecruiting platform designed for global and 
local businesses in Asia. The HiringBoss philosophy is simple: to provide our 
innovative, easy-to-use HR software, at prices that any business can afford. This 
is why HiringBoss is delivered through the Cloud, with friendly support in local 
HiringBoss offices across Asia.  
HiringBoss allows you to post jobs, manage applicants and hire with confidence. 
Features like our iPad interview assistant and local job board integration save 
you time, money and dramatically improve your recruiting ROI. HiringBoss is 
hassle-free to implement, with an intuitive design. The result? A system that all 
users – from candidates through to CEOs love to use. 
2. StaffingBoss: A solution for staffing and recruiting firms. It combines next-
generation CRM features with an elegant interface and attractive prices. 
3. EmployeeBoss: is to absorb information of any kind without you having to 
migrate any of your data. It works seamlessly with all your current business 
systems, such as SAP, HRIS or ERP solutions. Simply point EmployeeBoss to 
your existing IT/Workforce systems to quickly and easily add the data you need 
into EmployeeBoss. It harmonies and blends all your data, regardless of type. It 
eliminates the pain of data wrangling plus with real-time source data feeding into 
it. EmployeeBoss ingests and converges data to give a holistic, 360° view of 
what is going on with your workforce and what you need to do about it. 
Technologies: JSP, jQuery, Java, Arena, Spring, Spring MVC, SOAP, REST, 
JDBC, Postgres, Tomcat, Ant, Maven, Selenium, JMeter, MongoDB. 
Responsibilities: 
Responsible for implement of Job Board integration. 
Resolve issues of viewing the document on webpage. 
Implemented new features, bugs fixing, and code refactoring. 
Member of technical board delegated to design architecture of the system 
and resolve the related technical issues. 
Participated in analyzing or providing requirements of the new features. 
Provided ideas to make the system get more user experience and optimize 
the performance. 
Responsible for implement all APIs of EmployeeBoss system also participate 
in requirements analyzing and system architecture designing. 
In charge of product quality verification and performance tuning. 
Page 3 of 6 
Harvey Nash, HCMC, Vietnam 
09/2010 – 01/2013 
Senior Java Developer 
1. Domestic Name – Weatherbys: Naming System is a web application to provide 
Weatherbys with a system that will include various functionalities allowing end 
users to view, reserve, register, check availability or manage domestic name. 
The Naming System provides a service integration to other Delphic service 
modules and data integration to the legacy Delphic database. 
2. Authority to Act – Weatherbys: To provide both a registration system and an 
enquiry function to allow Racing Administration and Racing Operations to be sure 
that certain future registrations or entries can be processed without the need to 
contact owners or jockeys and to provide a mechanism whereby access to 
various public facing programs can be given automatically by recourse to the 
authorized agent links. 
3. Sponsorship Management – Weatherbys: This is one of modules of Weatherbys 
project, it allows internal users to manage their sponsorship agreements like 
adding, viewing, amending, terminating or reading further information on the 
Sponsorship scheme. 
Technologies: JSP, jQuery, Java, Spring, Spring MVC, SOA architecture, SOAP, 
JDBC, Oracle, JBoss, Tomcat, Ant, Maven. 
Responsibilities: 
Participated in bidding project, capturing business rules of legacy system and 
database knowledge. 
Performed requirements analysis, technical architecture design, database 
design and use-cases implement. 
Defined standard coding convention and set up working environment 
framework and unit testing. 
Developed and implemented main functionalities, services of the system. 
Wrote almost packages using PL\SQL to access data from the database. 
Supported team about coding and technical issues. 
Provided training for other developers on several technologies like RESTful 
and EJB 3. 
Assist client in evolving the functionalities. 
Proactively identified potential issues to improve the project performance. 
Page 4 of 6 
COA Solutions, HCMC, Vietnam 
09/2008 – 09/2010 
Senior Java Developer 
1. Cash Flow Forecasting: Cash Flow Forecasting provides effective management of 
cash through flexible modelling facilities and integration with Finance system 
data. The monitoring and estimation of cash flow is essential 'best practice' in 
any type of business. Cash Flow Forecasting supports businesses in effective 
Cash Management, providing early detection of potential excess, or shortfall and 
providing the time to manage the situation. 
2. User Service: This is a sub project of Cash Flow Forecasting that provides user 
and user role management. It will authenticate user to access to the system and 
authorize user role respectively. 
3. eProcurement  eFinancials: eProcurement is an easy-to-use web-based 
requisitioning and purchasing facility linked to eFinancials. eProcurement uses 
the concept of ‘shopping baskets’  to which users add the items, choose items 
from catalogue, submit baskets for approval and make Purchase Orders. 
4. eAnalyser  eFinancials: This project is a Java application linked to eFinancials 
system that allows user can manipulate the data from eFinancials easier and 
quicker on specific purposes. 
5. Supplier Self Service  eFinancials: This project supports users who are using 
eFinancial system can quick look up data such as payments, invoices, orders… 
from eFinancial without accessing to the system. 
Technologies: JSP, Velocity, Java, EJB, J2EE, Spring, AppFuse, Struts, RESTful, 
Java Swing, Java Web Start, JDBC, Oracle, JBoss, Ant. 
Responsibilities: 
Produced functional design, technical design for each bespoke requirement 
from client.  
Performed requirements analysis, detailed design, implementation, 
deployment, and testing of SSS project using Spring, Struts and RESTful for 
middle services. 
Developed new features for CFF with technologies including Java Swing, Java 
Web Start 
Developed and maintained functionalities of eProcurement project. 
Developed PL\SQL code using Oracle9i. 
Provided training for other developers on several technologies like RESTful 
and EJB 3. 
Page 5 of 6 
ACE Life, HCMC, Vietnam 
04/2008 – 09/2008 
Senior Java Developer 
1. eBao system: This is an ACE Life business management system. 
2. Bancassurance system: This is an internal project for management of Banc 
assurance products of the company. 
3. Customer Information System: This project is to support users who have joined 
insurance of ACE Life will have ability to view their insurance information. 
Technologies: JSP, Velocity, Java, Spring, AppFuse, JSF, RichFaces, Hibernate, 
Oracle, Tomcat, Ant. 
Responsibilities: 
Responsible for generating daily reports and extract data for client as 
required. 
Designed, coded and tested CIS project using AppFuse framework with JSF 
and RichFaces technologies. 
Participated in requirements gathering, business analyzing, and system 
design of Bancassurance project. 
S2i  Asia Technologies, HCMC, Vietnam 
11/2006 – 04/2008 
Senior Java Developer 
1. Developing Portfolio application. This is a web-application developed on J2EE 
framework with MySQL back-end. It is a conversion from an old Excel application 
of Desjardin Caisse centrale. It has many functions to support mortgaging and 
loaning management in the bank. 
2. Participated in developing SWAP-UAM project. This project is built on many new 
technologies such as JSP 2.0, Hibernate 3.0, Struts framework, Spring, AppFuse 
framework, XFire web service and ZK framework (supports Ajax) with using MS 
SQL Server 2005 database. This application implements banking business logics 
with single sign-on technology and now still under construction. 
3. Build BlueCross – QBC Aeroplan Travel Insurance Java web-service using XFire 
framework. This is a prototype for sending and receiving XML messages to get 
insurance information of QBC Company. 
4. Implement PDA  Place des Arts web application. Build Data Importer for 
importing data from XML file on FTP server to PDA’s database. 
5. Working on ACP Railnet2 project. The application supports the agents to book rail 
ticket via the internet. It is still in progress. 
6. Researched and recommended new technologies to improve the system 
performance, cost saving and quality of products. 
Page 6 of 6 
UNIQ Technologies, HCMC, Vietnam  
04/2005 – 11/2006 
Software Developer 
1. Managed and developed Domain Tracker application. The application was 
designed to keep track using computer of students in dorm. It was a win32 
application and built on 3-tier architecture with .NET Framework technologies. It 
was also built as a client-server application; it could manage all users joined to 
domain controller, build statistics, reports…  
2. Designed and developed the web-application for management of GTek Company. 
This application supports timesheet-expense management, generating invoices, 
making payroll, user management… The application was built on .NET technology 
with natural interface that helps users use it easily. 
3. Participated in developing Le Pere du Meuble application. This is a web-
application supports sales and merchandise management. It was built on J2EE 
and JSP technologies. Developed business rules, functionalities and user 
interfaces: Customer Management, Invoice, Purchase Order Management, 
Commission, Billing Process, Inventory Management… 
Vietnam-Network Co., HCMC, Vietnam 
05/2003 – 04/2005 
Software Developer 
Responsible for developing the web-applications (Le Pere du Meuble) for sales 
management and e-commerce by using JSP and J2EE technologies. 
Self-Employed Software Developer 
07/2000 – 05/2003 
A self-employed software developer while in full-time education. 
Developed Chinese Chess game using Java with supporting multiplayer. 
Developed Fashion Shop web-application (using ASP) to advertise products and 
manage online sales. 
EXPECTATION 
Position: Java Technical Lead 
