CURRICULUM VITAE 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Full name 
:  PHAM HUYNH QUANG THANH 
Date of Birth : 01/31/1987 
Address: F12, Tam Hoa Ward, Bien Hoa city. 
Telephone: +84913119190 
Email : thanhphq87@gmail.com 
Field of Study: Electronic – Telecommunication 
Graduation: In November 2010 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
Work for global corporate with good working environment, especially in 
telecommunication. 
Study & challenge myself under high pressure; 
There is a good chance to get a high position by myself; 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
Hard – working & Aggressive: 
Working hard is the significant way to achieve my plan in the next years. I am so 
aggressive in working to fulfill most of assigned duties in due. 
Careful: 
Always try the best to check all processes as much carefully as possible to avoid any 
problems and troubles from mistakes. 
Problem solving skill: 
In case there are problems or troubles occurred, I can analyze and settle them quickly & 
completely based on the reasons. 
Working under high pressure 
Due to well – organized & solving problems skills, I can work effectively under high 
pressure with good results 
Persuasiveness: 
I have good skill of persuading someone by focusing on what they really need and 
current problems. 
Good teamwork spirit & Cooperativeness: 
Happy to work with good spirit & morale in whole team. Be a good partner in working 
with full of cooperativeness. 
Good communication skill, so friendly and good sense of humor in serious 
situations. 
EDUCATION 
Engineer of  Electronic – Telecommunication , Faculty of Electronic – 
Telecommunication , University of  Lac Hong University, Vietnam. 
Master of Electronic Engineering, Faculty of Electrical and Electronics 
Engineering, Ho Chi Minh City University Technology of Education, Vietnam. 
Internship, Department of Electrical Engineering, National Chung Cheng 
University, Taiwan. 
SKILLS: 
Language:  
Fluent English in: Speaking, Writing, Reading, and Listening 
B certificate in English 
Computing:   
Good at Microsoft Office with Word, Excel, Power Point, Access 
A & B Certificate in Computer 
Good typing skill and dealing with Internet 
Good at Matlab, C, VB, Python 
Others: 
Presentation skill 
Dealing and communicating with many kinds of people 
Quickly adapting to new job. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
I graduated from Lac Hong university in 2010 after 5 years learning for my 
Engineer degree in electronic-telecommunication with the thesis is “Designing monitor 
system by GSM network”. After graduated, I worked Viettel for 1 year. During working 
period, I studied a lots of things, such as: how to do teamwork, how to control everything 
when we have a problem.  In 2011, I stopped to work and started to study Master of 
science at Ho Chi Minh City University Technology of Education. After 3 years learning 
for my Master of Science in electronic engineering with the thesis is “The 
Implementation of Linear Predictive Coding Algorithm (LPC-10E) On TMS320C6713”. 
In the thesis, the result is published at GTSD international conference on October, 2014.  
I worked at Thong Nhat general hospital for 1.5 year as one biomedical engineer. 
Here, I saw various machines from the complex mechanical systems (MRI, CT, 
Anesthesia machines, Artificial kidney machine, endoscope system…to simple 
mechanical systems (EEG, CCG, Ultrasound, Electric shock machine…). One of 
mechanical system makes me interested. This is MRI, CT, and Ultrasound. Although I 
didn’t study about it, I read and studied various document about it. And day by day, the 
mechanical systems make me excited .  
I attended internship in Taiwan for 1.5 years. Here, I approached machine learning, 
deep learning, and computer vision.  
HOBBIES 
Listen to music 
Travel a lot. 
Play football. 
