1 | 
P a g e
Hemendra Kr Vaishnav 
Phone: 
+91-9828777748 
Address:         6/357, Malviya Nagar,  
Jaipur (Raj.)  302017 
Email: 
Hemendra24@hotmail.com 
I am proactive and fast learning individual seeking an opportunity to work as a Statistician, data analyst/ scientist 
utilizing Statistical and Computational skills to help the organization in achieving goals. 
EXPERIENCE 
Chegg India (Remote)                                                                                                 May 2017 – till now 
Subject Matter Expert  
Associated with different statistical projects. 
Did statistical analysis of data and made inferences about it. 
Made reports based on statistical/ quantitative analysis. 
PROJECTS 
Forecasting Annual GDP Growth Rate of Israel: A time series Analysis       Jan 2018 – May 2018 
Project aims to forecast annual GDP growth rate of Israel. 
Worked on the seasonality of data so our model will give more accurate results. 
Built an ARIMA Model to forecast the annual GDP growth rate. 
Statistical process and product control                                                                                              Jan 2016 – May 2016 
Project aims to develop a techniques using H-Spread algorithm to check the quality characteristics under  
Non – normal parent process distribution. 
Statistically examine the process based upon specific control charts and CPI indices.  
Analyzed the data and made valuable insights using this technique. 
CONFERENCES & WORKSHOPS 
Attended a national conference on “National Conference on Recent Advances in Statistics with Application in 
Finance and Actuarial Science” at Central university of Rajasthan, Ajmer.  
Attended one day workshop on “Creating Awareness about Official Statistics in India” conducted by MOSPI, 
Govt. of India. 
CERTIFICATIONS 
Statistics in Business – I (Via Edx.org) 
Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore  
I Heart Stats: Learning to Love Statistics (Via Edx.org) 
University of Norte Dame 
Explore Statistics with R (Via Edx.org)  
Karolinska Institutet  
2 | 
P a g e
Participated in Ist INTERNATIONAL EQUANIMITY OLYMPIAD – 2015 
West Zone Cricket Player 
Represented university at west zone cricket championship, session 2015-16 
EDUCATION 
Banaras Hindu University    
Masters’ in Statistics & Computing                                                                                 July 2016- May 2018  
GPA: 7.1/10  
Central University of Rajasthan                                                                             July 2013- June 2016 
Bachelor of Science (Hons.) in Statistics 
Grade: A  
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Programming Languages                                                                         
C                                                                           
R   
SAS  
Tools 
SPSS   
Microsoft Excel    
Microsoft Word    
Microsoft Power point  
Platform Used  
Windows  
Declaration  
I hereby declare that above information is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.  
Date: 1- Aug- 2018                                                                                                                                    
Place: Jaipur                                                                                                                          Hemendra kumar vaishnav 
