Trần Oanh Thy 
147, 2A street, Vinh Lôc Resident, Binh Hung Hoa B ward 
Binh Tân Disctrict , Ho Chi Minh City 
Phone number: 0919823829 
thyquynh97@yahoo.com 
Apply for position: Senior Tester 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY: 
I’m senior tester with good leader ship and project management skills, qualified e-Commerce QA Tester 
experienced in test plans and testcases .With strong scripting talents and excellent collaborative skills, 
have initiated and supported strategic and innovative projects with a focus on enhancing the customer 
experience.  
I learn very quickly, especially on testing and test cases. I have also developed the ability to easily 
understand the business requirements. 
While I'm on the senior tester role, I expanded my knowledge and experience on people development (team 
and individual), feature/task planning and coordinating the release schedule. I have really enjoyed this role 
and I have found it to be very interesting and positive for my career growth. 
KEY ACHIEVEMENTS: 
2009: Get staff of the month award (Play important role as Tester in team, do test for Storefront Page, BIS 
System under requirements). 
2010: Team of the month ward (Play important role as Tester in team, do test for Storefront Page, BIS 
System under requirements). 
2012: Team of the year award (Play important role as Tester in team, do test for Storefront Page, BIS 
System, Storefront Admin under requirements). 
2015: Team of the year award (Play important role as Senior Tester in team, do test for Storefront Page, 
BIS System under requirements). 
PROPESSIONAL WORKING EXPERIENCE: 
Company: Bamboo Solutions (Changed name to Yggdrasil Viet Nam from 2014) 
Positon: Senior Tester 
Main Duties:  
From January-2007 to September 2008: 
+Customized Sharepoint pages (OTPF Projects) and Do Manual test for Sharepoint Webparts , Sharepoint 
pages . 
From January 2009 to 2016: 
+ Write Test Case and Test Plan under requirements and documents. 
+ Play role as senior tester for Storefront Page , BIS System , Storefront Admin to ensure the 
system working correctly. 
+ Design and Execute manual test scripting and cases. 
+ Report for daily bugs and problems on discussion board directly to Project Manager. 
Additional Professional experience: 
Ability to write test documents (Test plan, Test cases, Test report). 
Understanding test process, test technique. 
Have knowledge on Web application, Mobile Application. 
Communicate very well both in English and Vietnamese, via various communication channels: 
face-to-face, Skype, email, conference call. 
Technology: HTML, CSS, JS, MySQL, Sharepoint Designer. 
EDUCATION & TRAINING: 
Bachelors in Information Technology with major in information systems of 
University of Natural Science HCMC. 
Certification for C lever English. 
Microsoft office sharepoint server(MOSS) 2007 (2010) 
References:   
Name:  Phạm Hữu Khang 
Position: Director 
Phone Number: 0932357799 
Applicant:   Tran Oanh Thy 
Date : 17/02/2017 
