VO MINH DUC 
Email: mjnhduc9x@gmail.com | Phone: +84 968 017 347 
Date of Birth: January 10th, 1993. 
Place of Birth: Khanh Hoa Province. 
Address: 149/4 Binh Quoi Street, 28 Ward, Binh Thanh District, Ho Chi Minh City. 
OBJECTIVE 
To be good staff, improve myself 
Challenging position with a creative work environment to enhance expertise in web 
development and interact with customer. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Larion Computing 
Position: Internship 
Duration: 09/2015  12/2015 
Joining to real project with low responsibility to: 
Know how to real project to work. 
Know how to work with team, work independence. 
Using knowledge was studied in university to work with project. 
Increate skill to adapt with work. 
Camino Information Services 
Position: Web Developer 
Duration: 01/2016 – present 
Using flow chart to know what will do and implement it. 
Work with other Developer, QC, Tester to complete any task which assigned by team leader. 
Design UI (User Interface) follow customer’s template and implement it. 
Using company’s framework combine with database to implement functions. 
Provider solution and idea to resolve problem, task, bug, function, … 
Observe, check, debug background service system (run automatic). 
Build another tool to adapt with project (Some tools: Get all zipcode, city, county, state of 
USA import to system; Import big data to sysytem, auto update some table, …) 
Freelancer 
Management server dedicated system by using vSphere.  
Provide, support customer about VPS, Vmware, Web hosting, … 
TECHNICAL SKILL S 
Programming language: C#, .NET, ASP.NET MVC, JavaScript, HTML, XML, CSS, 
AnguarJs, jQuery. 
Databases: MS SQL, MySQL. 
Software: Visual Studio .NET, MS Office Suite, notepad++, sublimetext, … 
Platforms: Windows 7/8/10, Windows Server, Centos, Ubuntu, SVN, … 
Other: Wordpress, PHP, Linux, VPS, … 
LANGUAGE 
English 
Writing, Reading: Good. 
Speaking, Listening: Normal. 
PROJECTS 
Interspect(exists):  
Description: Project using windows form. Capture all information about a house such as: 
bed room, kitchen, windows, door, … to buy. 
Responsibility: Add new function, fix bug. 
Libris(start): Web application about healthcare. Capture all information of patient 
disabilities who can’t take care of itself. Then calculator the hours to take care of patient and 
from that calculator money. 
Responsibility: Design UI, implement function, Debug service, fix bug, test code, … 
EDUCATION 
University of Transport in Ho Chi Minh City 
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science Information System 
09/2011 – 11/2015 
Aptech CNC 
09/2013 – 11/2015 
Developer. 
ADDITION 
Always improve myself. With working hard, active, self-training and “I can do” attitude. I 
hope I will contribute grown up your team, your company. 
This is all information about me. If you need more something. Please contact me. I will 
answer any question from you. Thanks! 
