VAN LANG UNIVERSITY
SEP 2015  JUNE 2019
PROJECT: EJOB  VAN LANG JOB WEBSITE
OCT 2018  JAN 2019
PROJECT: WEBSITE ATTENDANCE BY BARCODE SCANNER
MAR 2018  JUL 2018
TECHNOLOGY AND EDUCATION THANH PHAT COMPANY
AUG 2016  JAN 2017
Objective  Applying the experience and skills learned to test software products to become a
professional testing staff, giving users the best quality products.  In 2 months of work, will try to absorb the work and business of the company to be able to
promote the full value of self into work, create confidence in the leadership and will bring
products high reliability.
 Education
Major: Software Engineer
GPA: 7.57/10
 Work Experience
Job position in the project: Tester  Website helps Van Lang University connecting recruiters with students of the school.  Recruiters with accounts will be posted recruitment news and manage candidates' CVs
when applying to the company, recruiters can set up interview schedules and manage
interview schedules of all candidates in website. In addition, the recruiters can also have an
overview of the number of candidates according to each status after applying.  Van Lang University students can search for jobs, create CVs and apply directly on the
website.  Programming language used: Asp.Net MVC  Apply automatic testing into the project: using Selenium tool
Job position in the project: Tester, Developer  Website helps students take attendance by identifying the scanned student id from the
barcode scanner on the student card.  The website also helps lecturers statistics the number of students going to school in a
session and in the course.  Programming language used: Asp.Net MVC- Apply manual test into the project
Sales Staff
Main responsibilities:  Introduce, consult products and answer customers' question by face to face, via e-mail and
phone.  Gather customer's needs about web design for their business
SEO Writter.
Main responsibilities:  Write the post for the website according to SEO Standards.  Write the post introduce for customer's website.
 Feb 1, 1997
 Female
 0766946207
 vtkchi1297@gmail.com

Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam

https://www.facebook.com/ki
mchi.vo.50552
SKILLS
Testing
Team working
Programing
English language
INTERESTS
Music
Watch movie
Traveling
Võ Thị Kim Chi
Võ Thị Kim Chi
SOFTWARE TESTING
© topcv.vn
