Nghia Trong MAI  
Trnghia1105@gmail.com 
84 Heukseok-Ro, Dongjak-Gu, Seoul, Republic 
of Korea.  
May 11th, 1989 
Male 
EDUCATION 
Course Certificate, Machine Learning 
Stanford University 
2018 – 2019 
Taught by: Andrew Ng, Co-founder, Coursera; Adjunct 
Professor, Stanford University; formerly head of Baidu AI 
Group/Google Brai 
Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering 
Chung-Ang University, Seoul, Republic of Korea 
Sep. 2014 – Feb. 2018 
3 SCI papers 
M.S. in Mechanical Engineering  
University of Ulsan, Ulsan, Republic of Korea 
Aug. 2012 – Aug. 2014 
1 SCI paper 
Bachelor of Engineering in Material Science 
Ho Chi Minh University of Technology, Vietnam 
Sep. 2007 – Aug. 2012 
Vietnamese-French Training Program of Excellent 
Engineers (PFIEV). 
Bachelor in Advance Materials, Atomic Structure 
and Functional Materials. 
AWARDS 
Excellent Paper Award 
Dec. 2016, Korean Society of Mechanical Engineers (KSME), 
Republic of Korea. 
Title: Mixed-mode Fracture of Grain Boundaries in Graphene  
The Young Scientist Scholarship 
Feb. 2016 – Feb. 2018 
Chung-Ang University, Republic of Korea 
The International Student Scholarship 
Aug. 2012 – Feb. 2016 
University of Ulsan, Republic of Korea 
EXPERIENCE 
Present Position 
Postdoctoral Researcher at Functional Materials 
Applied 
Mechanics 
Lab, 
School 
of 
Mechanical 
Engineering, Chung-Ang University, Seoul, Republic of 
Korea.  
Mar. 2018 – Present 
1 accepted SCI paper and 3 submitted SCI 
papers.    
Projects 
2018 – present: Development of hierarchical 
multiscale analysis technique for microstructure and 
creep evolution of polycrystalline material. 
Principle investigator (PI) 
Implementation of the elasto-viscoplasticity 
equations into peridynamics to study the 
material behaviors and predict the remaining 
life time of boiler tube materials. 
2016 – present: Development of creep damage and 
life prediction method of boiler tube materials. 
Team leader 
Implementation of the elasto-viscoplasticity 
theory into user subroutine UMAT for finite 
element simulations to predict the remaining 
life time of boiler tube materials. 
2012 – 2015: Development of Nanoscale Far-Field 
Projection 
Method 
and 
Identification 
of 
Embrittlement of Grain Boundary. 
Team member 
A study on the effect of micro and nano-sized 
defects 
in 
numerical 
simulation 
and 
experimental measurements using the far-field 
projection. 
SKILLS 
Programming Language: Intermediate level in Matlab, Fortran, Python and C++ 
Software: Abaqus, Ansys, Dream.3D 
English – Highly proficient in spoken and written English 
Korean – Basic communication skills 
International Publications 
Nghia Trong Mai, Phuoc Quang Phi, Vinh Phu Nguyen and Seung Tae Choi, Atomic-Scale Mode 
Separation for Mixed-Mode Intergranular Fracture in Polycrystalline Metals, Theoretical and 
Applied Fracture Mechanics, (IF: 2.659, JCR Top 20% in Mechanics). (Published in 2018)  
Nghia Trong Mai and Seung Tae Choi, Atomic-Scale Mutual Integrals for Mixed-Mode Fracture: 
Abnormal Fracture Toughness of Grain Boundaries in Graphene, International Journal of Solids 
and Structures, (IF: 2.760, JCR Top 20% in Mechanics). (Published in 2018) 
Ahmed Tamer Al-Motasem, Nghia Trong Mai, Seung Tae Choi and Matthias Posselt, Atomistic 
study on mixed-mode fracture mechanism of ferrite iron interacting with coherent copper and 
nickel nanoclusters, Journal of Nuclear Materials, (IF: 2.048, JCR Top 10% in Nuclear Science & 
Technology). (Published in 2016)  
Nghia Trong Mai, Seung Tae Choi, Koo-Hyun Chung, Seung Ryoon Lee, Dong Kil Shin and Youn 
Young Earmme, Time-dependent adhesion of a polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS) elastomer film to 
a flat indenter tip characterized using a cohesive-zone law, Philosophical Magazine Letters, (IF: 
0.941, JCR Q2 in Metallurgy & Metallurgical Engineering). (Published in 2014)  
Hung Viet Tran, Nghia Trong Mai and Seung Tae Choi, Molecular dynamics study on hydrogen 
segregation near symmetric-tilt grain boundaries in body-centered cubic iron under uniaxial 
strain, The Physics of Metals and Metallography, (IF: 0.884, SCI). (Accepted for Publication, 
2018)  
Nghia Trong Mai, Vinh Phu Nguyen and Seung Tae Choi, Atomic Mixed-Mode Cohesive-Zone 
Laws of Impurity-Embrittled Grain Boundaries in Polycrystalline Solids via Nanoscale Field 
Projection Method, Computer Methods in Applied Mechanics and Engineering, (IF: 4.44, JCR 
Top 1% in Mathematics, Interdisciplinary Applications). (Submitted in 2018)  
Nghia Trong MAI, Li Qui PHAM, Vinh Phu NGUYEN, Seung Tae CHOI, Tae Min JEONG, Kee Bong 
YOON, Keesam SHIN, and Yinsheng HE, Heirachical Multiscale Analysis and Creep Cavitation 
Model-Based Creep Lifetime Prediction of New and Service-Exposed Super304H Austenitic 
Stainless Steel Boiler Tubes, Materials Characterization, (IF: 2.89, JCR Top 5% in Materials 
Science Characterization & Testing). (Submitted in 2018)  
Li Qui PHAM, Nghia Trong MAI, Vinh Phu NGUYEN, Seung Tae CHOI, Moon Ki KIM, Keesam 
SHIN, and Yinsheng HE, Heirachical Multiscale Analysis and Creep Cavitation Model-Based 
Creep Lifetime Prediction of New and Service-Exposed 9Cr-1Mo (Grade T91) Steel Boiler Tubes, 
Materials Characterization, (IF: 2.89, JCR Top 5% in Materials Science Characterization & 
Testing). (Submitted in 2018) 
