Uyen Le 
Seattle, WA        206.465.8398          leu2@uw.edu 
SUMMER INTERNSHIP 
Available for an interview through Skype immediately or a face-to-face interview after June 23, 
2018. 
Available to work from June 25, 2018 to September 20, 2018 
EDUCATION: 
University of Washington, Seattle, WA  
Graduation 2021 
Intended Bachelor of Arts: Business 
SKILLS: 
Excellent communication skills in Vietnamese and English 
Good teamwork and interpersonal effectiveness 
Strong work values, commitment to public services and working with diverse populations from many 
ages and countries. 
Computer/technical literacy: Mac, Windows OS, Social Media Platforms (Facebook, Instagram, 
Snapchat), Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint), Adobe Indesign, Google Analytics 
EXPERIENCE: 
UW Housing & Food Services 
Seattle, WA 
Student Assistant   
April 2018- present 
Operate point of sales (POS) system; receive cash, count change, receive card payments from 
customers. 
Collaborate with other assistants to monitor and organize salad bar, pasta bar, special dish bar. 
Make espresso beverage. 
Assemble, plate, package, and serve items/food to customers.  
Bus tables, remove garbage, and clean counters, shelves, fixtures, etc. 
Seaside Terrace Retirement                                                               
Fountain Valley, CA 
Volunteer 
January 2017-May 2017 
Organize outings and activities for residents  
Work along side with about 20 staffs and other volunteers to build a strong network of care  
Take care of residents’ daily needs such as helping residents eat, clean, sort out clothes, walk, etc.  
Gained insight into community health. 
King of Glory Preschool      
Fountain Valley, CA 
Teaching Assistant 
September 2016-December 2016 
Help organize activities for kindergarten children.  
Work along side with teachers to prepare and plan lessons to educate children  
Take care of their daily needs such as eating, cleaning, playing, etc. 
Drama Tech  
Andover, NH 
Assistant Manager   
November 2015-May 2016 
In charge of costume team, appoint costumes for thirty actors and singers.  
Arrange clothing storages, and fix clothes. 
Collaborate with logistic team to contribute to setting up stages 
Help doing makeup for actors before stage 
ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Vien Minh Temple (2017)                                                                                               Garden Grove, CA   
One-day Volunteer  
Help set up for event, prepare and provide food to attendees. 
Fundraise for the temple by promoting and selling tickets. 
MD Lunar New Year (2017)                                                                                                  Santa Ana, CA      
One-day Volunteer
Collaborate with ten other people for the Lunar New Year event at Mater Dei High School.
Organize booths and activities for participants. 
