Benjamin Tan Wee Bin 
C/C Chung Cu Le Thanh B1-10-05 
113/89 An Duong Vuong, Kp. 3 P  
An Lac, Q. Binh Tan Tp. Hcm,  
Viet Nam 
+84 934162305  
Email: tben1981@gmail.com  
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
An Scrum Certified IT System Engineer with 13 years’ experience, experienced in industries such as manufacturing, 
life sciences, media production, education, IT hardware and software development. 
Having work experience as an IT specialist, IT support engineer, implementation project manager, and software 
project manager, comfortable interfacing with all levels of management, with ability to understand various business 
processes and company operations, with a passion to find IT solutions that allow end users to perform work 
effectively.  
Possess other non IT related skills such as understanding of the Singapore Quality Class framework, Peoples 
Developer Standard, trained in project management methodology from PMI   
During the course of career, he had led a software development and server implementation projects with the Royal 
Brunei Police Force, Survey Department and the Public Works department of the Government of Brunei 
Darussalam. 
He took part in implementation projects with Ikea Singapore, Siemens and GE money, as well as initiated many 
office automation processes such as a resource booking system, enforcing company IT policies and organizing 
training seminars for users.  
AREAS OF EXPERTISE 
SCRUM Methodology  
ERP/CRM/Share point Integration 
Digital Audio and Video editing 
Document Management & Imaging 
Peoples Developer Standard 
Project Management 
Industrial Scanners 
Cisco Enterprise Network Design 
Singapore Quality Class 
Cisco Routers, Hubs and Switches 
Windows OS 
Active Directory Administration 
EDUCATION 
Oct 2003  Apr 2006: Bachelor In Computer Science, University Of Adelaide, Australia  
Jul 1998  Jun 2001: Diploma in Multimedia Computing, Ngee Ann Polytechnic, Singapore 
Jan 1993  Dec 1997:  GCE O Levels, Tanglin Secondary School, Singapore 
Jan 1988   Dec 1992: PSLE, Clementi Town Primary School, Singapore 
PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION  
Jun 2006  Cisco Certified Network Associate 
Jul 2006  Certified Associate in Project Management (By Project Management Institute)  
Feb 2008  Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist: Microsoft Office Share Point Server 2007 – Configuration 
May 2009- Cisco Certified Design Associate  
Apr 2010  Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist: Microsoft SQL Server 2008, Installation and Maintenance 
Apr 2010  Microsoft Certified IT Professional: Database Administrator 2008 
Jan 2018 – Professional Scrum Master 1  
NATIONAL SERVICE STATUS 
Refer to Job Experience (Course Admin Supervisor (Assistant Chief Clerk)) 
EXPECTED SALARY 
Negotiable 
Professional Experience 
IT Project Manager   
July 2016-Jan 2018 
NIFTIT LLC  
NIFTIT is a development and design agency in New York, Vietnam & Hong Kong, dedicated to empowering users 
through nifty solutions. NIFTIT specializes in custom developed solutions for SharePoint as well as the design and 
implementation of their developed SharePoint Jumpstart Package which provides a simple, easy to use interface on 
top of traditional SharePoint implementation.  
Industry Served: Government, Non Profit Organizations, Healthcare, Information Technology and Services   
Achievements 
Designed and implemented a custom SharePoint report, drawing data from 4 different data sources 
Designed product features road maps for SharePoint Jumpstart Package product 
Led the Team to design and implement a Metro-Style custom branding Portal for SharePoint  
Integrated Microsoft CRM online with SharePoint using Application hosted on Microsoft Azure 
Job scope 
Requirement gathering and Project Management  
First level support for clients  
Project Management and Implementation  
Creating of user guides and documentation  
IT System Engineer  
July 2010-July 2016 
ITIS Wescot Technology Sdn Bhd 
ITIS Wescot Technology Sdn. Bhd was incorporated in the year 1998, with a mission to become a leading IT service 
provider in Brunei Darussalam. Today the company has grown and is one of the leading companies of integrated 
technology and business solutions serving customers in Brunei. ITIS Wescot work with implementation partners 
from around the globe, including suppliers and software professionals from the USA, UK and South East Asia.  
Industry Served: Government  
Achievements 
Learnt to Operate a legacy HP 3000 database system in 1 month, 
Design data extraction methods to HP 3000 with free system tools in 2 weeks, eliminating the use 
of expensive 3rd party tools  
Implemented a Geospatial Information System for the Survey Department using ERDAS Apollo  
Designed Software extensions for additional functionality to a Police Records Management System.  
Deployed 2 Stratus Servers running on Windows 2008 and Red Hat Linux for the Brunei Government 
Job scope 
Pre-Sales activity such as tender Response, Proposal Preparation and Presentation 
Installation of commercial off the shelf products as well open sourced solution 
Project Management and Implementation  
Hardware Infrastructure Documentation 
Design of hardware infrastructure for projects and solutions. 
Server Hardware Support  
Project Manager 
Aug 2009 – Feb 2010 
DGComm Solutions Sdn Bhd (Brunei Darussalam) 
DGComm Solutions Sdn Bhd is a company under the ISAT Group, a multi-industry conglomerate strategically-
focused and committed to excellence. Established in 2000, the group has achieved significant growth in its various 
operations, particularly in the Information, Communication and Technology industries. It has played important roles 
in various government projects and continuously expands in the medical and education sectors.  
Achievements  
Prepared 17 Tender Responses for various Brunei Government Projects in 6 Months Period 
Represented Brunei Darussalam in the 6th China-ASEAN Expo in Nanning China 
Secured Authorized Dealer Rights of 4 overseas computer companies  in 1 Month 
Job scope 
Project Management 
Office Administration 
Company Pre sales activity 
Tender Response Preparation 
Procurement and Deployment of CCTV, Network cabling projects 
Project Manager 
Nov 2008-April 2009 
Kodak (Singapore) Pte Ltd 
The history of Kodak can be traced all the way back to 1878 to her founder, Mr George Eastman. Kodak is a global 
company with a rich photographic history and an exciting digital future.   
Kodak’s Graphic Communications Group is a unit of Eastman Kodak Company, the world’s foremost imaging 
innovator. The Graphic Communications Group provides commercial printers, packaging printers, publishers, data 
printers, and enterprises with one of the broadest portfolios of technologies, products, and services in the graphic 
communications and document capture industries.   
Industry Served: Banking and Finance, Insurance, Logistics, Trade Unions, Service Bureau  
Achievements 
Designed a Document Management workflow for an Insurance Industry Client to speed up their claims 
processing and storage of hard evidence.  
Gather information of on-going project, recreated missing project documentation in 1 month 
Coordinated a work site shifting project in less than 2 hours’ notice of the customer 
Recommended cost saving measure reducing operation cost by 40%, by reducing on paper usage and 
printing costs.  
Identified an operational risk and prevented a change request that could potentially cause service delays 
and operational problems by suggesting a new workaround for the customer. 
Job scope 
Project Management 
Project Profit and Lost tabulation for management review 
Billing and Invoicing to customers for the various projects managed.  
Free Lance Project Manager 
Aug  2006-Nov 2008 
Industry Served:  F&B, Manufacturing, Education, Healthcare, Non Profit Organizations, Construction, Non Profit 
Organization, Manufacturing, Banking and Finance 
Achievements 
Led a Project Document Management System project, with the Public Works department of the 
Government of Brunei Darussalam  
Led a web development project called “Tender Collection and Submission System”  for the Government 
of Brunei Darussalam  
Closing two over scoped projects left behind by previous project managers 
Designed Document Management and Capture Solutions for Patient Medical Record  
Leading a team to take over, resolve issues of an  ERP project with no documentations in 2 weeks 
Successfully Integrated a POS System with MS Dynamics GP 
Deployed a Turn Key ERP/CRM Solution for a F&B Client 
Managed an E-Referral Project for a local Healthcare Organization 
Job scope 
Project Management 
Leading the Consultants, Developer Team lead to deploy ERP/CRM Systems 
Solution design with the Software Solution Architect.  
Provide information and specification to developers for software development 
Engage in presales activities such as proof of concept 
Overseeing deployment of Information Management Solutions  
2nd Level support for the partners and client  
IT Consultant Experience 
July 2005 – Aug 2006 
Industry Served:  Manufacturing, Bio-Science, Education, Financial Services, Building and Construction, Shipping 
Achievements 
Led a Software deployment project to upgrade Symantec Antivirus Server from Version 9 to 10 for 400 
clients in 2 hours 
Designed and Implemented backup and recovery solution using Veritas Backup Exec 10 and a Network 
Attached Storage.  Decreasing disaster recovery time by 40%.  
Provided consultancy to customers regarding the network implementation of their mega retail store in 
Tampines 
Recommended a desktop security solution for a Bio-Science manufacturer cutting decreasing desktop 
down time by 30% 
Wrote an antivirus fix tool to fix a new variant of W32 Spybot virus that attacked a client’s computer 
network 
Planned an Active Directory Migration Project 
Job scope 
Active Directory and Lotus Notes Administration 
Desktop Support for end users, PC inventory management  
Pre Sales activity for customers 
Deployment and Implementation of  hardware and software solutions 
IT Engineer Experience  
Feb 2004 – Jun 2005 
Industry Served:  Manufacturing 
Achievements 
Design and Implemented a resource booking system on the Exchange 2003 Server, reducing office 
administration task by 20% 
Took part in Disaster Recovery when the Headquarter office caught fire (Testimonial awarded) 
Initiated a project to set up a staging environment  to assist testing of patches and new software 
Reducing PC downtime by 15% 
Implemented an Airway Bill printing solution with DHL vendors to allow various shipping departments 
Speeding up their customer shipping processes by 30% 
Job scope 
Desktop Support 
Administration of Active Directory Administration, AS400 and Movex system 
Vendor Management 
Provide Hardware support for SAP ERP implementation team 
Troubleshooting of manufacturing plant critical system such as Wetblue system, Piravano Color Mixer and 
Cad Cam.  
Course Admin Supervisor (Assistant Chief Clerk) 
Jun 2001 – Dec 2003 
Mindef  SAF Warrant Officer School  
The SAF warrant officer school provides Tri service training for senior sergeants of the Singapore Arm forces. It 
conducts courses for Master Sergeants to Warrant Officers for specialist from the various services.  
It was awarded the Singapore Quality Class award from Spring Singapore for the quality of work perform by the 
school.  
Achievements 
Course Leader for the 145th Basic Administrative Supervisor Course. 
Promoted to a specialist rank for contribution to the unit 
Leading the sub-project with permanent staffs of the school in the people’s category of the Singapore 
Quality Class. (Testimonial awarded) 
Taught Microsoft office skills to the unit clerks to increase productivity.  
Providing Business process reengineering to simplify course administration.  
Promoted FISH philosophy to the unit clerks to boost the morale of the unit. 
Job scope 
Coordination of invitation of military guests for all ceremonies and event held by the school 
In charge of personnel administration of 6 different types of Warrant Officer courses held by the school 
In charge of allocation of training resources and the grouping of students. 
In charge of daily administrative needs to the courses. 
Standing in as Chief Clerk when she is away on a course. 
Managing of the Schools Orderly room.  
