 
C HUONG  H OANG  N GUYEN 
21/5A Xo Viet Nghe Tinh , Binh Thanh District, 
Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam.  
093 254 0811 
Chuong.H.Nguyen@asu.edu 
www.linkedin.com/in/ChuongNguyenVT 
O BJECTIVE 
Seeking a researcher position in the field of Artificial Intelligent & Machine Learning, 
Autonomous Control, Robotics and Mechatronics 
E DUCATION 
Ph.D. Mechanical Engineering – Virginia Tech , Blacksburg, VA, 2012  2016. 
GPA 3.86/4  – Major in Adaptive Control Theory, Robotics and Biomedical 
applications. 
Advisor: Dr. Alexander Leonessa. 
M.S. Mechanical Engineering – Virginia Tech,  Blacksburg, VA, 2010   2012. 
GPA 3.97/4  Major in Computer Vision and Mechatronics Applications. 
Advisor: Dr. Alfred L. Wicks. 
B.S. Mechanical Engineering: Manufacturing Engineering , 2003  2008. 
Honor Program, Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology ( HCMUT ), Viet Nam. 
GPA :  8.48/10  –  Class Rank:  5/255. 
S OFTWARE 
S KILLS 
Programming languages 
Design 
Robotics 
Keras, Tensorflow, 
Pytorch 
C/C++ 
MATLAB/ Simulink 
LabVIEW 
Qt 
Visual Studio  
Flask/MySQL 
Inventor 
SolidWorks 
Autocad 
3D-Printer 
ROS/ OpenCV / Linux 
Embedded System/Arduino 
Pixhawk/ Ardupilot 
Unmanned Arial Vehicle  
I MPORTANT 
C OURSES 
Advanced Linear Control I, II 
Nonlinear Systems Control 
Adaptive Control System 
Geometric Control Theory 
Unified System Dynamics 
Digital Signal Processing 
Digital Image Processing 
Computer Vision 
Machine Learning 
Reinforcement Learning 
Deep Learning  
Mechatronics I, II 
Robotics Dynamics 
Bayesian Robotics 
Intro. to Stochastic 
Calculus of Variation 
R ESEARCH 
E XPERIENCE 
Post-Doctoral Researcher, Human- Oriented Robotics and Control Lab, Arizona 
State University ,  USA , Jun 2016 – Jan 2018. 
Developed Machine Learning algorithms for Brain-Computer Interface systems,
such as deciphering imagery speech or imagery voluntary motion, to control
swarm of robots. 
Developed platform and control algorithms for swarm of mobile and aerial robots. 
Mentor for Undergrad and Grad students in research.  
Graduate Research Assistant, Center for Dynamic Systems Modeling and Control,
Virginia Tech, USA,  Aug 2012 – May 2016. 
PhD
Dissertation:
Adaptive
Predictor-Based
Output Feedback Control of
Unknown
Multi-Input
Multi-Output
Systems:
Theory
and
Application to
Biomedical Inspired Problems 
Develop rehabilitation devices for patients suffering movement disorder by using
Functional Electrical Stimulation (FES): 
o
Developed adaptive control algorithms for systems that have uncertain  
nonlinear dynamics, multi-input multi-output, and high relative degree. 
o
Implemented control algorithms to control musculoskeletal models 
using OpenSim, Matlab, and Simulink. 
o
Experimentally validated the control algorithms on Quanser Helicopter Test
Base through Matlab/ Simulink. 
o
Implemented the control algorithms to control Fetch robotics arm through
combination of ROS, C++, Python, and Simulink. 
Validated control and estimating algorithms on a scaled Ackermann steering based
robotic car platform  
o
Implemented sensor fusions and estimation algorithms, such as 
Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) and Particle Filters, for state estimation. 
o
Implemented control laws, such as Sliding Mode Control, PID, to 
control vehicle position based on reference input. 
o
All works were implemented through MATLAB and LabVIEW. 
Research and teaching assistant, Mechatronics Lab, Virginia Tech, USA,  Aug 2010 –
May 2012. 
o
Master Thesis: Visual Perception System for Autonomous Ground 
Vehicles: Object Recognition and Tracking. 
o
Developed a vision software for a robotics car platform to perform 
multiple tasks, such as scene recognition, motion detection, and objects 
(i.e. human, vehicles) detection and tracking. 
o
All works were implemented through combination of OpenCV, 
MATLAB Vision Toolbox, and Machine Learning algorithms. The 
software is developed in C++ and Qt. 
o
Graduate Teaching Assistant in Mechatronics Class and Advanced 
Linear Control Class. 
W ORK 
E XPERIENCE 
Machine learning Engineer at  JIO Health  83 Hoang Sa, 1st District, Ho Chi Minh,
Vietnam. April 2018  Now 
■
Develop a deep learning system to diagnose  Xray images.  
○ Improve the prediction accuracy (AUROC) up to 90% for 18 classes using a
dataset of 360k images. 
○ Testing different state of the art Deep Learning structures, such as DenseNet,
ResNext, Dual Path Net, Squeeze and Excitation (SE), Convolution
Block
Attention Module (CBAM), and optimizers, such as Stochastic Weight Average
Gradient (SWAG), Layer-Wise Adaptive Rate Scaling (LARS). 
■
Building an AI system to help Doctors diagnose patients’ health:  
○ Building database and micro-web services to collect data from patients. 
○ From patient’s sign/symptom, the AI system suggests the potential risks and the
lab tests need to perform. 
Intelligent UAS  7040 Virginia Manor Road, Beltsville, MD 20705. Nov 2015 – Mar
2016 
■
Design an embedded system to control thermal cameras, such as FLIR TAU
cameras. This work includes designing an integrated PCB with Arduino board, and
writing controller software. 
■
Design 3D parts for commercial UAVs. 
Intelligent Ground Vehicle Competition (IGVC), Virginia Tech Leonardo Team,
Michigan, 2014. 
■
Chief member to develop a computer vision system for the robot 
navigation, such as detecting and following line on grass, and avoiding 
obstacles. 
■
The software was implemented through C++, OpenCV and LabVIEW. 
DANAMECO Medical Joint-Stock Corporation, Da Nang, Viet Nam, 2009. 
■
Technical consultant for the company to purchase compress folding machine and
ultrasonic welding machine. 
Robotic Team of Mechanical Engineering Department, HCMUT, Robot 
Contest 2007, 2008 and 2010 
■
Mentor for the team in 2010. One of 24 selected teams competing in 
Nation Round in 2010. 
■
Team Leader in 2 years 2007, 2008. 
■
Designed and built the robots to perform various tasks, such as grasping blocks,
passing bridge, and climbing stairs. 
■
Achieved the best idea and the best robot design in ROBOCON design 
competition hold by HCMUT in 2008. 
Trainee at C1 factory of Mechanical Engineering Department, HCMUT, 
Summer  Fall 2007 
■
Bachelor Thesis: Design and simulate 3D Tube-bending machine. 
■
Experienced in operating lathes, millers, welding machines. 
■
Assembled hydraulic systems for Press and Break Iron Sheet 
Machines. 
A CTIVIES 
Personal project  Summer 2013: Design and fully constructed the mechanical, 
electrical and software systems for quadrotors as a hobby. 
Personal project  July 2015: Build and control a human size humanoid robot 
(InMoov Robot) using 3D printer and Arduino board as a hobby. 
H ONORS & 
A WARDS 
Second Best poster in SouthWest Robotics Symposium, ASU, 2018. 
Best robotics paper award in ASME Dynamic Systems And Control Conference, 
Minnesota, 2016 
Hord Fellowship, Mechanical Engineering Department, Virginia Tech, 2014. 
U.S Government Scholarship: Vietnam Education Foundation (VEF)  
Fellowship since 2012. 
Award from HCMUT President for being selected team participating in the 
Vietnam National Competition Robot Contest (Robocon) 2010. 
Certificate of merit from HCMUT Dean of Mechanical Engineering 
Department for excellent academic results in 2003-2004 and 2006-2007. 
Two TOYOTA scholarships in 2006 and 2007. 
Award from HCMUT President for first ranking in first round of 
Vietnam South area Robocon 2007. 
Prize of the Annual National Mechanics Olympic Contest Year of 
2005, Subject: Theory of machines and mechanism. 
Certificate of merit from HCMUT President for winning prize in 
Mechanics Olympic Contest 2005. 
P UBLICATION 
Chuong H Nguyen and Panagiotis Artemiadis, “ Adaptive Multi-Degree of 
Freedom BCI using Online Learning: Towards Novel Methods and Metrics of 
Mutual Adaptation between Humans and Machines for BCI ,  accepted to PLOS 
One Journal, 2018 
Chuong H Nguyen and Panagiotis Artemiadis, “ EEG Feature Descriptors and 
Discriminant Analysis under Riemannian Manifold perspective ,” 
Neurocomputing, 275, pp. 1871-1883, 2018. 
Chuong H Nguyen, George K Karavas and Panagiotis Artemiadis, “ Inferring 
imagined speech using EEG signals: a new approach using Riemannian 
manifold features ,” Journal of Neural Engineering, 15.1, 016002, 2018.  
C. Nguyen, A. Leonessa,  Adaptive Predictor-Based Output Feedback Control 
for a Class of Unknown MIMO Linear Systems ,  Journal of Nonlinear Science, 
2016. 
Chuong H Nguyen A. Leonessa,  Predictor-based Adaptive Output  Feedback 
Control: Application to Functional Electrical Stimulation of a Human Arm 
Model,  ASME Journal of Dynamic Systems, Measurement and Control, 2016 
C. Nguyen, A. Leonessa,  Adaptive Predictor-Based Output Feedback Control 
For A Class Of Unknown MIMO Nonlinear Systems: Experimental Results, 
Proceedings of the 2015 American Control Conference, July 1-3 2015, Chicago, 
IL, USA. 
C. Nguyen, A. Leonessa,  Control Motion of A Human Arm: A simulation 
study ,  International Conference of Control, Dynamic Systems, and Robotics 
Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, May 15-16 2014. 
C. Nguyen, A. Leonessa,  Adaptive Predictor-Based Output Feedback Control 
for A Class Of Unknown MIMO Linear Systems,  Proceedings of the ASME 
2014 Dynamic Systems and Control Conference DSCC 2014 October 22-24, 2014, 
San Antonio, TX, USA. 
C. Nguyen, A. Leonessa,  Adaptive Predictor-Based Output Feedback Control 
for A Class Of Unknown MIMO Linear Systems: Experimental Results, 
Proceedings of the ASME 2014 Dynamic Systems and Control Conference DSCC 
2014 October 22-24, 2014, San Antonio, TX, USA  
PROF. ORG 
IEEE, ASME 
