1  
Full name:  
DANG NHU TOAN  
Sex:  
Male 
Date of birth:  
3/29/1985  
Place of birth:  
Thua Thien Hue 
Education:  
Master in Information Technology 
Phone:  
0983991715  
Email:  
dangnhutoan@gmail.com 
Permanent address:  50 Phan Chau Trinh Street, Truong An Ward, Hue city, Thua 
Thien Hue province. 
Current address:  
234/1A Le Duc Tho Street, Ward 6, Go Vap District, Ho Chi 
Minh city. 
EDUCATION 
2009  2011:  
Master of Science in Information Technology, Lac Hong 
University, Bien Hoa City, Dong Nai Province 
2004  2009:  
Engineer of Information Technology, Lac Hong University, 
Bien Hoa City, Dong Nai Province 
Other:  
Certificate in University Teaching, HCMC University of Pedagogy 
Project Management Fundamentals Certificate. 
2  
10/2008  2/2009:  
Studying (last year student) and working for Education and 
Training Department of Lac Hong University as temporary 
jobs. 
Designed database and developed Student Management software based on 
Mapinfo software (Programming Language MapBasic) 
Designed and developed Internal Material Management software for Education 
and Training Department ( MS SQL 2005 with VC#.NET 2005) 
3/2009 – 5/2010:  
Worked at Information Technology Department of Lac Hong 
University 
3/2009 – 12/2009:  
Worked as English Lab Room Manager  
Technique 
Setup, configured and managed network and database. 
Installed, and helped teachers using H-CLASS V system. 
Checked, observed and reported states of system in Lab Room. 
Handled all the jobs arising. 
Profession skill 
Taught Programming C, Data Structure and Database Management 
System subjects at Ispace College of information technology in Bien Hoa 
city. 
01/2010 – 5/2011:  
Worked as Multimedia Room Manager 
Management 
Setup, configured and managed network and database. 
Installed, and helped teachers using system. 
Checked, observed and reported states of system in Lab Room. 
3  
Handled all the jobs arising. 
Professional skill 
Taught the Programming Language C/C++, Data Structure and 
Algorithm, Analysis and Design Object Oriented System. SQL Database 
Management System, and Information Technology Project Management 
Led the students doing science topic. 
Analyzed and designed database for “Building specified information 
system for influenza in Vietnam”  project  (MS SQL 2005) 
Analyzed, designed and developed “Building tool to display flu affected 
areas in Vietnam” project (MS SQL 2005 and VC#.NET 2005) 
Analyzed, designed and developed Construction Invoice Management 
software for Phi Truong Limited Company (MS SQL 2005 and VB.NET 
2005) (part-time job) 
Publish Research topic 
Phan Manh Thuong, Lam Thi Hoa Binh, Dang Nhu Toan, Tran Thien 
Minh and Tran Van Lang, “Indexing the structural proteins database”, 
Teacher Science Research Conference of Lac Hong University, 2011. 
Dang Nhu Toan, Master Research Topic, “Paralleling the finding shortest 
path algorithm in the large data with MPI”, 2011 
6/2011 – 12/2011:  
Worked for MMSoftware Company Limited as Research and 
Development Team as Team Leader. 
Management 
Managed Research and Development Team  
Communicated with customers and analyzed user requirements 
(Documents: functional requirements, Project change request, Project 
scope and Proposal) 
Researched the new technology for new requirements/projects 
Developed all .NET projects 
Coordinated member of each project 
Managed quality of .NET projects 
4  
Contacted with clients to receive requirements or deliver software 
Managed QA Team 
Tested the software and wrote technical documents reports (Documents: 
Deployment for UAT, Issue log, and UAT Test Case) 
Ensured the software development cycle (Documents: SQA report and 
QA Performance report)  
Managed System Admin Team  
Developed, supported for Management Information System, Web 
applications, business applications (include: Configured, deployed, and 
maintained database and system)  (Documents: Deployment Setting and 
Instruction,  and Deployment Plan) 
Summarized and reported to CEO all .NET projects status (Project status 
report, Time sheet report, R&D Action Plan, QA Action Plan, Summary of 
Equipment, Computer Configuration, Daily/Weekly/Monthly report) 
Professional skill 
Developed the Point of Sale software system (DB2 of IBM with VB.NET 
2003) 
Supported other developers about .NET technical 
Supported System Admin deploying some services and database of MS 
SQL Server 2005 
Optimized source code (structure and syntax) to improve performance 
Optimized SQL query to improve I/O data  
Customized CMS (Drupal, WordPress, Joomla)  
Followed secure coding standard: Common Weakness Enumeration (CWE) 
and Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) to ensure security of 
website and database 
5  
1/2012 – 9/2014: 
Working for Fairfield Vietnam Company Limited as Software 
Developer Team Leader 
Management 
Coordinated Software Developers for each projects in each developing 
period. 
Supported all Software Developer to ensured deliver source code on time. 
Training and providing for new software developers about framework, 
system library, specified open source library (LAPACK, Kriging, GSLIB, 
FFTW, etc.), programming environment (FORTRAN, JAVA, MATLAB, 
etc.) 
Summarized status of all projects and reported directly to Software 
Development Group Manager 
Professional skill 
Developed module/software on Linux environment 
Supported technical staff (geophysics) process seismic data  
Detected system errors in seismic data processing 
Respond to training new programmers about frameworks, software 
development standard and technical programming (logic, language, data 
structure, etc.)  
Responded to developing all projects about parallel programming (MPI, 
OPENMP) for performance (time) 
Researched and optimized algorithms to enhance seismic data quality 
Tested other modules (User interface and manual test) 
Supported System Admin team deployed local website system on Linux 
Solved system issues (conflicted between old and new library, using wrong 
library version, incompatibility library, etc. 
Packaged, delivered release modules for Houston (the main owner of the 
company) and Indonesia (branch). Contacted with them to solve occurred 
problems (fixed bugs, upgraded library, helped configure system, etc.) 
6  
Project Information 
Developed 3D-SRME project as Team Leader (From Feb-2012 to Aug-
2012)  
3D-SRME (3-Dimensional Surface Related Multiple Elimination)  is a 
standard-lone software which was implemented in FORTRAN and 
C/C++ by Fairfield Nodal Company (Houston, USA) 
It used to process seismic data with very large calculation and data 
amount. 
Solved memory issue: The memory of node (workstation) is not enough 
to allocate  for input data (requires about 54GB allocated memory/node)  
Solved bottlenecks of network bandwidth issue: in the same time, many 
node access to a RAID and read/write a large data 
Solved run-time issue: it takes very long time to processing a production 
seismic data (4-6 months with 30 nodes, 12-cores/node and 48GB/node) 
Result: Applied MPI to distribute data from a RAID to many different 
RAID. It solved bottlenecks of network bandwidth. After that, combined 
MPI (distributed-memory) with OPENMP (shared-memory) to reduce 
allocated memory (reduce allocated memory to 43GB/node) and enhance 
performance (reduce run-time to 1-1.5 months with the same nodes) 
This was a most important project of company in period 2012-2013 because 
some bidding resumes in 3-D seismic data processing required 3-D SRME 
module/software. 
7  
Researched and developed EMD project as Researcher and Team Leader 
(From Sep-2012 to Jul-2013) 
EMD (Empirical Mode Decomposition) is a module to attenuate noise in 
both time-domain and frequency-domain  
Researched EMD method and implemented demo in Matlab. 
Converted Matlab code to C++ code in WKG (an environment was 
developed by Fairfield Nodal Company, based on ProMAX 3D software 
of Landmark) for 1-D in frequency-domain and 1-D & 2-D in time-
domain  
This is new module. It can remove cable and swell noises in time-domain 
and attenuate criss-crossing artifact and background noise in frequency-
domain.  
Developed 3D GBM project as Developer (From Aug-2013 to Mar-2014) 
3D GBM (3-Dimensional Gauss Beam Migration) is a module to enhance 
seismic data quality. Migration is an important step in seismic data 
processing 
Implemented new algorithms which were developed by Team Leader and 
Researcher (PhD in Geophysics from Houston and Mathematics from 
company) 
Solved memory issue: The memory of node (workstation) is not enough 
to allocate  for input data (requires about 28GB allocated memory/1 
node/1 core)  
Solved run-time issue: it takes long time to processing a production 
seismic data (4-6 weeks in one node, 12-cores/node and 48GB/node) 
Result: improved performance (memory and run-time) by implementing 
PVM combined with OPENMP. The current module can use all cores in 
a workstation with least allocated memory, and reduce run-time to 1 
week/1 node. 
This is a most important module of company in present period.  As 3D-
SRME module, almost bidding resumes in 3D seismic data processing 
required 3D GBM module. 
8  
Developed BROADBAND project as Software Developer (From Feb-2014 
to Aug-2014) 
BROADBAND is a module to enhance resolution of seismic image. It 
support user to detect multi-layout of geometry.  
Implemented some functions in BROADBAND, Q-PSDM (Q-Post Stack 
Depth Migration) projects: In 2014, the Broadband is a most hot topic 
which oil/gas care. To get new contracts, Fairfield must developing 
Broadband project to satisfy requirements of bidding resumes. 
Publish Research topic 
Le Anh Ha, Tran Thanh Do, Dang Nhu Toan, “A preliminary application 
of the empirical mode decomposition to seismic noise attenuation at 
Fairfield Vietnam”, 2012 
10/2014 – present: 
Working for FPT-Software Company Limited as Solution 
Architect and Project Manager 
Management 
Training for new fresher about process, technical programming, and soft 
skill. 
Standardizes detail design document, unit test document 
Standardizes maintenance process 
Coaching member improve programming skill, document skill 
Interview junior (JAVA, .NET, C++) and senior developers (.NET, C++) 
Evaluate staff when contract is expired  
Professional skill 
Join to new projects which are new systems, high priority (for business) 
or complex projects to investigate and propose solution with other high 
level developers. 
Support other project managers to solve issues which occurred in 
projects. 
9  
Project Information 
Develop Restructure Patient Database as Team Leader (From Oct-2014 to 
Dec-2014) 
Project information: In current system (ultrasound machine) of JP’s 
Customer, the performance when query patient information from 
database is low.  The project divides to 2 steps. Step 1, migrate patient 
information from Access database to SQLite database, build the new 
mechanism that allow use the same as DAO of Microsoft Access. Step 2, 
restructure patient database that reduce duplicate information, enhance 
access speed. 
Technical uses: C++, SQLite database 
Project size: 5 members. 
Develop Patient Information Screen as Team Leader (50%, from Jan-
2015 to Sep-2015) 
Project information: ID Screen allow user manage patient information in 
ultrasound machine. The old system uses ID Screen to contain 
information as an object. The target of project is developing new ID 
Screen that operates independent with system, migrate patient 
information to share memory. 
Technical uses: C++, MFC, SQLite database 
Project size: min: 5 members, max: 13 members 
Support main project as Project Technical Leader (50%, from Jan-2015 to 
Sep-2015) 
Project information: this is a main project of a specific Customer. Every 
month, this customer will order some requirements, and ID Screen 
project above is a sub project. 
As project technical leader, I support all sub projects about solution, 
technical, contact to customer to clear requirements 
10  
Develop Matlab project as Project Manager (50%, from Jul-2015 to Sep-
2015, 100% from Sep-2015 to present) 
Project information: this project includes 3 modules: Automatically 
measures Bi-Parietal Diameter (BPD), Femur length (FL) and Abdominal 
Circumference (AC). The target of project is converting Customer’s 
algorithm from Matlab to C++, create corresponding DLL. The risk of 
project is leak resource with Matlab programming skill, Mathematic 
knowledge. Almost member is fresher and distribute in 2 locations. To 
solve technical problem, I must break down all functions, evaluate weight 
for each function and break-down training, investigation strategy for all 
member, includes high level members. 
Technical uses: C++, LAPACK, OpenCV 
Project size: 13 member (8 in HCM, 5 in Can Tho) from Jul-2015 to Sep-
2015, 5 member from Sep-2015 to present 
11  
ADVANCED SKILL 
Knowledge of principle 
Object Oriented Programming 
Analysis and design database management system (object oriented, related) 
Software Development cycle (Agile, Scrum Master) 
Software testing 
Knowledge of system 
Linux system (CentOS 5.5/6.0, Ubuntu Server) (basic) 
MS Windows Server 2003/2008 (basic and advanced) 
Webserver (Linux, Windows) 
MS SQL 2005/2008 (basic and advanced), MySQL (basic) 
Knowledge of Mobile Application (Android)  
Android SDK 
Phonegap 
PERSONAL SKILL 
Ability to setup plans (football, team building and etc.) for Trace Union or 
company (as Vice Chairman of Trade Union) 
Proactive, creative, careful, enthusiastic 
Ability to read and write technical documents in English 
Ability to oral communicate in English 
Ability to work independent and teamwork 
Ability to work under high pressure 
12  
APPENDIX: PROGRAMMING EXPERIENCE 
SKILL PROGRAMMING 
Programming Languages 
Experience-year 
Programming Principle  
C,C++ 
7 
Parallel 
OpenMP, MPI, PVM, CUDA 
5 
Windows Message, Thread 
1 
Framework  
.Net 
ADO.Net 
7 
ASP.Net 
7 
C#.Net 
7 
VB.Net 
7 
MVC 
7 
Java 
Java 
3 
J2EE 
3 
Mobile 
Android 
2 
Phonegap 
2 
Database Management 
MS SQL Server 2005/2008 
7 
MySQL 
2 
DB2  
2 
Analysis & Design 
UML 
7 
OOP 
7 
Operating System 
Windows Server 2003/2008 
3 
Linux (CentOS 5.5, Ubuntu 
Server) 
3 
Others 
Science Computing 
MATLAB, Fortran, … 
5 
Network 
Configure Router (Cisco) 
2 
13  
APPENDIX: CERTIFICATE 
14  
