Curriculum Vitae
A. Personal Information
Full name:
NGUYỄN THỊ KIM YẾN
Date of birth:
25-04-1988
Place of birth:
Hồ Chí Minh City
Gender:
Female
Address:
211/12A Hoang Hoa Tham, Ward 5, Phu Nhuan Dist.,
HCMC Phone:
0167 600 6387
E-mail:
nguyenthikimyen25@gmail.com
B. Objective:
To get a new stable but challenging career in an active and international working
environment to constantly improve personal skills as well as to have an opportunity
for applying experience.
C. Skills and Experience
1. Education Background
2006 – 2010:
University of Social Sciences and Humanities (USSH-HCMC)
Department of English linguistics and literature
Bachelor Degree in Translation & Interpretation
Training courses:
Human Resource Executive (ASK Center – Economy University)
Customer Service (Talent Link)
2. Career
Full-time :
2014-present: Customer Service Executive at Avery Dennison Vietnam
2012 – 2014: General Director’s Assistant at Bowker Garment Factory (Binh
Duong)
2010 – 2012: School Administrator cum TA at Kinderworld International
Kindergarten (HCMC)
Part-time:
2014: English Teacher at Anh Viet English Center (Binh Duong)
2009-2011: Teaching Assistant at VUS Center
3. Working Experience
Avery Dennison RBIS Vietnam (Binh Duong)
Customer Service Executive
Responsibilities:
Response and ensure the customer enquiries and requests are addressed in a timely 
manner via emails/phones. Process orders and follow up to the delivery.  Keep 
customers regularly updated on the progress of their orders.
Liaison well with internal teams for a successful order process. Cooperate with 
production to ensure clear information being sent to production along with the factory 
sheets. Liaison with Sale teams to ensure all price quotes being sent correctly; avoid 
different information being given to customers. Communicate with shipping/im-ex team 
for making a smooth delivery.
Handle customer complaints. Liaison with Total Quality team and other relating 
departments for timely resolving customers’ complaints. Effective communicate with 
customers to minimize the cost in case of garment charge.
Be active and take fast action for any unexpected problems may happen at any stages 
of order progress to ensure on time delivery.
Follow up SOP, process, procedure; Propose and recommend the change or 
improvement when seeing any ineffective way to do things and causing the delay or 
failures of service.
Achievements:
Have good team spirit; be willing to back up for other members on leaves
Gain strong negotiation, communication and interpersonal relationship skills
Work individually and response for any decision taken. Get strong ability to work under 
pressure
Improve good problem solving skills and proactive action
Gain excited experience working in systematical operation processes and organizational 
working skills on emails.
Get Google Drive as an effective tools for team-work
Especially get an OE (Over expectation) evaluation for the first 6-month working 
Bowker Garment Factory (Adidas Apparel Supplier, Binh Duong)
General Director’s Assistant
Responsibilities:
Publicize the standards and procedures of production-related departments by building
visible standard processes for all departments to follow to ensure the implementation
of a professional work flow.
Monitor the sustainability project by following up with new improvement ideas to
ensure their appropriate functions to production
Cultivate company culture which helps the employees acknowledge the good & not
good-to-do by designing posters and do the presentations
Organize internal campaigns & monthly talking for employees to let them have an
opportunity to communicate with the BOD as well as get the knowledge of other fields
like medical care.
Make and implement decoration plans for some occasional events such as Tet,
Christmas within approval budget
Support SEA/Admin team for maintaining a standard working environment to meet
customers’ requirements; cooperate with others departments to maintain a clean and
safe working place for any random audit.
Be the supervisor of Elastic Assembly department (3 employees); maintain a good
work flow to ensure the adequate quantity supplied to production; report monthly the
output for salary calculation
Cooperate with Accounting for making salary calculation of Cutting Department based
on the daily output and employees’ performances
Contact suppliers for quotations, samples in purchasing some technical machines or
supporting items
Other tasks requested by General Director
Achievements:
Be proactive in foreseen the possibility to improve productivity
Have ability to get a cohesive relations among departments to get their co-operations
Have ability to manage a team for effective work
Be able to negotiate with suppliers
Maintain positive thinking with challenges
Be professional in finishing tasks
Kinderworld International Kindergarten (Kinderworld Group)
School Administrator cum TA
Response to enrolment enquiries with clear and professional consults for parents’ right
choices
Arrange appointments between parents and School Manager /Principal (if requested)
for further discussion related to enrolments
Support Office Manager (OM) to handle complaints with company standard
(International School)
Manage and make records of students’ files and attendance. Keep in touch with
parents to maintain a safe status for students when being at school, especially in
cases of sick leave or epidemic diseases
Keep updating company profile and procedures as well as new announcement form
the Management to parents
Response for the decoration of the front desk as well as notice boards. Always make a
new and beautiful look in the theme of occasional holidays/events (Christmas,
Halloween, Tet, etc.)
Support in teaching in any urgent cases of teachers taking off by arranging the
substitution or can be in class for the replacement.
Assist OM in preparing quarterly invoice and CPR (Children Process Report) to
parents
Accompany with OM to supervise supporting staff (Janitors, Maintenance, Security
guard) to ensure an active and teamwork environment among teachers/staff
Support OM to organize some events/entertainment for kids like Mid-Autumn Lion
Dance, Christmas Charity Fair, Year End Concert, etc.
Support Principal to make and deliver monthly newsletters to parents
Other tasks requested by OM and Principal
Achievements:
Be able to work in team as well as individually in a professional environment.
Improve soft skills in dealing with problems and complaints
Think independently
Self-motivated in the spirit teamwork
Have ability to do the art & craft tasks
D. Other Skills
English language: Intermediate level, both written and spoken
Computer: MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint…), Picasa, Teamviewer, CorelDraw, 
Oracle, Google Apps
Characteristics: Be confident, hard-working, responsible, fast-learned, have 
teamwork spirit or work independently; be easily-adapted to new environment, 
willing to face challenges
Good communication & presentation skills
Have good view of arts like design and entertainment
E. Activities
Attended some charity events as a volunteer (Mai Tâm Orphanage, Helping Hands
Saigon, Terry fox Run)
Joined in the team of Live My Dream projects for difficult children
Visited and ran the fundraising for children in Can Gio
