S 
Huong Vo 
Back-end Developer 
Email: huongngocvo2493@gmail.com 
huongngocvo24@outlook.com 
Phone: 093 7793326 
Skype: huongngocvo24 
Profile  
My full name’s Huong Ngoc Thi Vo. I’m a back-end developer and my main 
programing language is Java. One of my career goals is to become a Java expert in 5 – 7 years.  
I like to read books in my free time to explore new concepts or achieve new 
knowledge for some area. I can read English documentation and speak pretty well.  
I define myself as a devoted, ambitious, decisive, self-motivated, friendly and funny 
person.  
70%
50%
50%
50%
50%
50%
30%
40%
C ORE  JA VA
E JB 
S P RI NG 
F RA ME W ORK
JA VA S C RI P T
JQUE RY
JQUE RY  A JA X
H T ML 5 A ND 
C S S  3
C #
Dec 2012: I started learnt OOP programing in FPT University and from some tutorials 
via Internet or e-books. 
Jan 2015 – May 2015: I joined On-Job-Training in FPT Software. 
May 2015 – Aug 2015: I was back to the University to finish the three-last semesters 
and learnt a bit about front-end development like Java Script, JQuery, Ajax, Css, and Html5... 
Now: I’m last year ungraduated student and I want to challenge myself in real work 
environment as well as to learn and mature more for 6 months before graduation. 
Education 
Hard Skill 
80%
70%
70%
60%
50%
E NGLI S H
C OMMUNI C A T I ON
S E LF  S T UDY
T E A MW ORK
A DA P T A BI LI T Y
Soft Skill 
Catch Animals Game  Position: Team Leader  Tasks: 
Plan, sketch out project scope and assign task/role.  
Design project architecture and database. 
Develop an API to between Server and HTML 5 to synchronize game and users’ data, 
using jQuery Ajax, Jsonp and servlet, store user-side data in HTML 5 local storages. 
Support and develop some games pages which access game data in local storages.  
Support fix bugs and releases.  Number of people in group: 4 members.  Project description: Provide an HTML 5 game which requires register and login for playing game 
both online and offline, store game data on SQL Server, update game package and synchronize 
users’ data both automatically and manually, provide admin web page for management, etc…  Customers: Google App Store  Applied technology: Java EJB 3.0, SQL (SQL Server), J-boss 6, HTML, CSS, JQuery, JQuery Ajax, 
Jsonp.  Duration: From July 2015 – Aug 2015 
Projects  
SVN  Position: Web Developer  Tasks: 
Develop check-out projects modules and controls. Checking out via last revision by 
default or specific reversion, dates, or all revisions. 
Develop check-out web pages, show all possible projects and projects information 
such as last revision, updated date, capacity... 
Configure initial database from xml file and properties file.  Number of people in group: 22 members.  Project description: Provide SVN tools to check out, commit projects, analyze projects code, and 
send email…  Customers: FPT Software  Applied technology: Spring Framework, Maven Project, HSQLDB, MVC Architecture, HTML, CSS, 
Json, Gson…  Duration: From Apr 2015 – May 2015 
Student Management  Position: Back-end developer  Tasks: 
Develop triangle generator factory based on user input 
Develop triangle repository to calculate edges, ratios and recognize shape category, 
allowing multithread. 
Develop triangle return results  Number of people in group: Individual.  Project description: build console application provide calculate triangles measurements and 
kinds.  Customers: homework exercise.  Applied technology: Java Core, Repository Design Pattern  Duration: July 2015 
