Page 1 
Jeremiah Fadugba  
Data Scientist/ AI developer 
jerryfadugba@gmail.com 
+841634528447 
Summary 
A determined and ambitious person with the strength of active learning and the ability to adapt quickly to a new 
environment who has the strength to achieve a lot when self-motivated and inspired. I speak 2 programming 
languages and proficiently speak 1 human language. My main interest lies in Artificial Intelligence, Machine 
Learning, Natural Language Processing, Natural Language Understanding, Fuzzy (Logic, Clustering).
Top Skills 
Python, MATLAB, Text Mining, Machine Learning, Research. 
Soft Skills 
Teamwork, Communication, Organization, Presentation, Listening, Leadership 
Research Done. 
Big data clustering with the use of the random projection features reduction and collaborative Fuzzy C-
Means 
Research on big data is receiving the attention of many scientists. There are many solutions to common 
clustering problems, but big data clustering are beginning interested. In this paper, we proposed solution 
for big data clustering by reducing the features through a novel method in dimensionality reduction based 
on Johnson Lindenstrauss lemma and dividing the data into small sets then clustering locally and finally 
performing collaborative clustering (BDC-RPFR&CFCM). The experiment show that this solution give the 
better performance. 
Edit publication Dimensionality Reduction Base d Fuzzy Ense mble Clustering For High-Dimensional Data 
Dimensionality Reduction Based Fuzzy Ensemble Clustering For High-Dimensional Data 
The ever increasing amount of data in this digital age, termed big data, calls for novel methods in  
unsupervised learning so as to combat the high dimensionality of most real world datasets and  
also provide a way of getting good clustering solution. This work provides a novel approach to  
dimensionality reduction using a revised approach of random projection and thereafter deviating  
from the commonly used clustering algorithm, we provide a useful way of ensemble learning on  
clustering algorithms. 
Edit publication Application of Game Theory in A dvertisement 
Application of Game Theory in Advertisement 
As every company or organization is profit oriented, with similar companies as a competitor. Application 
of Game theory in Advertisement highlights ways you can use a mathematical concept called Game 
Theory, to stay ahead of the game in advertisement using Tisos Chemical Industry as a case study. 
Page 2 
Experience 
AI Developer  
Nal Vietnam Jsc,  Duy Tan, Hanoi, Vietnam 
August 2017  Present 
Deep Learning based Object detection. (Product) 
Facial Recognition using deep learning. (Product) 
Using Generative Adversarial Networks for generating images with few data. (Research) 
Horizontal (Industry specific) ChatBot based on deep learning. (Research) 
IOS application for detecting menu (Product).  
Optical character Recognition. (Japanese characters). (Research and Product). 
Graduate Research Intern (Remote) 
FPT Technology Research Institute, Duy Tan, 
Hanoi, Vietnam 
April 2017 – August 2017 
Research related to Text mining. 
Working on Text Auto Summarization 
Building a Chabot. And many more  
IT Instructor  
SEAM Center, Keangnam Building, Hanoi, Vietnam 
August 2016  Present 
Teaching teenagers and young kids in learning how to: 
**Code in C language 
**Making 3D designs 
**Use Scratch to build apps, games and learning how to code. 
Data Scientist (Intern)  
Metrixa  Data Driven Digital Marketing, Hanoi. Vietnam 
April 2017  June 2017 (3 months)  
Projects: 
Cohort Analysis: Understanding users that shares the same peculiar characteristics. 
Basket Analysis: Knowledge discovery on how the shopping behavior of customers. 
Data: 
Dataset relating to online advertisement and digital marketing. 
Android Developer   
SEA-Solutions Software Company, Hanoi, Vietnam. 
December 2015  August 2016 (8 months) 
Developing Tried, Tested and Trusted Software Applications on Android platform. 
Technical assistance  
Adipat Consult, Ibadan, Nigeria 
June 2013  December 2013 (6 months) 
Preferring solutions to software issues. 
Supporting technical and engineering personnel with project support duties. 
Page 3 
Compiling technical reports. 
Ensuring that all technical operations of the company run smoothly. 
Assistance to the chief consultant engineer. 
Production Assistant  
TISOS Chemicals, Ibadan, Nigeria. 
August 2009  December 2010 (1 year 4 months) 
Maintaining and servicing all production equipment’s, 
Aiming at delivering products to customers at the right time and keeping records of daily productions. 
Education 
FPT University 
Hanoi, Vietnam 
Master’s Degree, Data Science, 2015 – 2017 
University of Ibadan  
Ibadan, Nigeria. 
Bachelor’s Degree, Mathematics, 2011  2015 
Activities and Societies: Independent Mathematics Student Electoral Committee (IMSEC) 
Projects Done 
Determine the theft and burglary crime rate per district in Philadelphia over the past 10 years. 
Implementing data mart, for the ultimate purpose of visualization using raw data that has undergone rigorous data 
cleaning to:  
Determine whether Philadelphia has gotten safer in the last decade 
Conclude on how secure Philadelphia is for siting a business warehouse. 
Discern the likelihood of losses incurable as a result of burglary and theft. 
Estimate likely premium billable for relevant insurance policies. 
Sequence Tagging With Hidden Markov Model 
Sequence tagging is a fundamental problem in natural language processing, which 
is a core component of any text mining system. 
There are numerous machine learning models for solving sequence tagging 
problem, including Hidden Markov Models (HMM), Maximum Entropy Markov 
Models (MEMM), or Conditional Random Fields (CRF). 
In this project, we implemented a second-order HMM to tag a given English sentence with its parts- of-speech which is 
trained and tested on the Brown corpus. 
Biological Sequence Analysis 
A project to determine if a biological sequence is a gene or not.  
Given a splice-junction-gene sequence, we implemented the Hidden Markov Model (precisely the Forward Algorithm) 
to determine whether a 60 character sequence ( A, C, G, T) is a gene or not.  
Text Summarization 
This project takes was developed to summarize all news article in a particular news website. It only supports English 
Language. 
Page 4 
