Lê Hoàng Nhất (Mr.)  
` 
Email: Lehoangnhat13@gmail.com  
Telephone: (+32) 486 49 08 39 
Skype: hoangnhat1310  
Penultimate year Bachelor of Business Administration student at top European university, University of 
Leuven, with great distinction GPA 
Resilient leader and entrepreneur with diverse capacities, excellent research and analysis skills and 
two-year multifunctional work experience in the world’s second biggest NGO, AIESEC 
EDUCATION 
University of Leuven (KU Leuven)   
09/2016  06/2019 (expected) | Brussels, Belgium  Bachelor of Business Administration  GPA: 82.04/100  Other: Summa cum laude (great distinction). 
Foreign Trade University 
09/2015  08/2016 | Ha Noi, Viet Nam  Bachelor of Economics  GPA: 3.74/4  Other: Faculty of Economics’ scholarships for students with outstanding performance. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Unnamed beverage startup project 
Team leader  
01/2018  present | Brussels, Belgium  Distant working: planned and led a team of three in Hanoi, Vietnam to carry out a market research on the 
market of bubble tea in Ha Noi, in order to analyze opportunities and risks to initiate a business.  Market research: worked with the team to build a research plan and timeline; set research goals; made 
necessary assumptions; specified approaches and methods (qualitative interview and observation) and 
triangulation (quantitative survey); assisted in data collection; keep track of work progresses.  Data analysis: collaborated with the team to code and categorize qualitative data; analyzed more than 60 
numerical data variables from approximately 300 samples; instructed the team on confidence intervals and 
statistical hypothesis testing.  
AIESEC in Campus Brussels 
President 
05/2017  01/2018 | Brussels, Belgium  Leadership: led the local organization of 30+ people.  Planning and management: managed and coached the Executive Board of four members; led the planning 
process and kept track of operations; assured synergy and alignment among all departments and activities  Critical thinking: recreated the organization’s compendium and created a first-ever operational guidebook 
which was adopted by the whole organization and served as references to the Belgian AIESEC network.  Account management: managed two business accounts and signed two contracts of EUR 1500 each. 
Vice President of Finance and Legality  
05/2017  01/2018 | Brussels, Belgium  Financial management: managed asset of EUR 10000+; planned and kept track of incomes and expenses.  Business analysis: monitored insights collected from other departments to track performance; evaluated other 
departments’ plans; collaborated with the marketing department to survey customers; assured cost-savings; 
resulted in a broke-even and full repayment of EUR 2500+ debt carried forward from previous term.  Accounting and audit: kept track of all transactions by comparing bank accounts, invoices and receipts, and 
internal financial tracker; booked all transactions; prepared documentation and reported to national office.  Risk management: foresaw possible risks, estimated their likelihood and consequence, collaborated with the 
executive board to prepare preventive and corrective actions; eliminated a default of EUR 1500. 
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
Blogging 
10/2017  present | Brussels, Belgium  Collect news and information on environmental issues  Design visual materials and write dual-language contents to raise awareness of and create calls to action for 
approximately 1400 friends and followers on said issues; stipulate on average 42 engagements per blog post.  The blog can be found at: http://bit.ly/MMLHN   
LANGUAGES 
VIETNAMESE – native  
ENGLISH – full professional proficiency 
CHINESE (traditional) – limited working proficiency 
FRENCH – limited working proficiency 
DUTCH – elementary proficiency 
ACHIEVEMENTS 
Intel 66th International Science and Engineering fair 
– THIRD PRIZE from the American Psychological 
Associations. 
Vietnam Intel Science and Engineering fair 2015 – 
FIRST PRIZE from the Vietnamese Ministry of 
Education and Training.  
