 
PERSONAL DETAIL 
Cell phone: +84 933739252 
Email: ngatranth23@gmail.com 
Date of Birth: Oct 23rd, 1984 
Gender: Female 
Marital Status: Single 
Contact address: 34A Duong Thi 
Muoi St, 12 Dist, HCM City 
SKILLS 
WORK 
Manual Test: Excellent 
Organization and time-
management: Excellent 
Ability to juggle multiple 
projects simultaneously 
Great troubleshooting skills 
Written and verbal 
communication skills: 
Excellent 
Language: Good reading in 
English 
PERSONAL 
Logical thinking: Excellent 
Ability to work independently 
as well as in a team 
environment. Ability to work 
under pressure.  
TRAN THI HOANG NGA 
Q C  E N G I N E E R  
EXPERIENCE 
(2011 – present) 
QC Engineer 
Company: Evolus 
2015  2018: TeamUnify (web + ios app + android app) 
The TeamUnify platform is designed specifically for swimming and delivers easy to 
use centralized business process optimization to thousands of swim teams. 
Mobile app: OnDeck, SE Studio 
https://www.teamunify.com/swim-team-management-software/ 
2014  2015: FileThis (web + ios app + android app) 
FileThis is your smart assistant that automatically creates bill reminders and helps 
you to pay on time. Don’t miss payments anymore and keep improving your credit 
score with ease. 
https://filethis.com 
2013  2014: OnMat (web app + ios app) 
JIBASoft’s OnMat was specifically developed for all Martial Arts Schools no matter 
the discipline taught. With OnMats simple Membership Management including 
Integrated Billing so you never miss a payment, collection services when needed, 
automatic membership rollover, end-to-end skills & belt management, increased 
profitability through attrition prevention and so much more all rolled up in a mobile 
platform reducing administrative duties and increasing profitability. Mobilize with 
OnMat! 
https://www.jibasoft.com/ 
Other Projects:  
Icon: Icon is a music entertainment application (ios app+ android app) 
Stanley: Asset Management (equipment, tools, monitoring equipment ...) 
(web app) 
EvoMed: EvoMed is an optimal management solution for the clinic, which 
not only helps to store and process medical information, but also enables 
the operation of the complex operations of a clinic to be simple and light 
more. (PC app) 
https://evomed.vn/phan-mem-quan-ly-phong-kham.html 
Job description: 
Reading product requirements and documentation. 
Designing and writing test cases. 
Doing manual test (UI, installation, functions, performance, etc.). 
Analyzing test results and posting bugs. (Bug management with JIRA) 
Decision to release or not 
Reference: Richard Danielson 
Skype: rdanierson 
Mobile: +15102072109 
Office: +84898988120 
(2009 – 2011) 
QC Engineer 
Company: Serenco (… ) 
Project: BTS 
Is a project used in the bank, with all features that the bank needs to as: customer 
management, nonprocessor, terma period, credit, report, ... 
Job description: 
Reading product requirements and documentation. 
Designing and writing test cases. 
Doing manual test (UI, installation, etc.). 
Analyzing test results and posting bugs. 
Reporting regularly to leader  
Writing documentation 
Clarify clients’ questions about products 
Training bank’s employees in BTS system.  
(2008 – 2009) 
SQA Engineer 
Company: Unicom Software 
Job description: 
Define QA process for CMMi level 3 
Applying the process was created in the projects. 
Providing objective evaluation of processes and products against applicable 
standards and requirements  
Identifying non-conformances 
Ensuring non- conformances issues are addressed. 
Providing timely quality status feedback to stakeholders 
Track & report status of Project to manager and BOD every week, every 
month and whenever there is a problem. 
Check & review documents… 
Tracking timesheet of members in Projects. 
(2007 – 2008) 
Project Manager Assistant 
Company: IT Solution 
Job description: 
Gather, receive, view customer’s request 
General, discuss to fully done this requests. 
Report to manager every week, every month. 
Contact with providers to buy computers, servers… 
Web master for http://jobviet.com (now: http://www.motibee.com ) 
EDUCATION 
(2003 – 2007) 
University of Foreign Languages  Information Technology, HCMC 
Bachelor of Science  
