 CERTIFICATE 
CCNA, CCNP route & switch 
Linux (LPI1 & LPI2) 
PERSONAL SKILLS 
Speak English  
Analysis problem skills 
Teamleader skills 
Word office skills 
Good English documentation 
skills 
Troubleshoot computer skills 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Name:   Le Dinh Hung  
Add:  
765/31 Xo Viet Nghe Tinh,  
Binh Thanh, Ho Chi Minh 
Phone:    01655122122    
0903616017 
Mail:  
ledinhhung410@hotmail.com  
Date of birth:     04/10/1993   
Place of birth:   Can Tho City 
Sex: male 
Nationality: Viet Nam 
Le Dinh Hung 
PERSONAL SUMMARY 
I’m an easy going person that works well with everyone. I enjoy being around different types of 
people and I like to always challenge myself to improve at everything I do. I’m a hard worker and I 
like to take on a variety of challenges. I’ve always liked being balanced. When I work, I want to work 
hard. 
Now looking for a new challenging at monitoring system position, one which will make best use of 
my existing skills and experience and also further my development. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Final test Linux. I make a system for a small company, it has mail server, dns, firewall, dhcp, web 
server. 
Win the network administrator completion in Hutech University. 
Complete a network project which use with VMWARE.  
Cisco switch configuration in particular VLAN configuration/troubleshooting. 
Cisco router configuration in routing. 
Network connectivity troubleshooting, ping, tracert, telnet. 
Now I am managing a small motel. This job help me have discipline of time and enforce discipline 
in a teamwork. 
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES 
Speaking English fluently and reading English documents 
Good understanding of static routing, Linux, SQL databases and Oracle. 
Have a good technical network background. 
Working knowledge of major networking components & hardware components. 
Ability to explain technical issues clearly to non technical colleagues. 
Problem analysis and solving skills  
Able and willing to work flexible hours when necessary. 
Extensive knowledge of Microsoft based operating systems, including  CentOS 6.5, and 
Windows. 
Work with team and finish my work before the deadline. 
EDUCATION 
2011-2015:  
Study at Technology University in Ho Chi Minh (HUTECH). 
Faculty: Information Technology.  
2012-2014:  
Complete Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) at Newstar Center.  
Complete Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) – Route at Newstar Center.  
Complete Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) – Switch at Newstar Center.  
Complete Linux 1 & 2 Course (LPI 1 & LPI 2) at Newstar Center. 
10/2014:  
Pass TOEIC 530 at IIG VietNam 
HOBBIES: 
Favourite football team: Maschester United. 
Watching football match on the inrternet every weekend. 
Listening light music 
I get up early in the morning and go jogging near the river bank. It help me To take physical 
exercise for working with computer all day 
REFEREES: 
Mr. Võ Quốc Thuần  (CCSI#31420)  Director of  Newstar Center. Mobile: 0963 702 070 – 0902 262 
070 Email: voquocthuan@newstar.vn. 
