CURRICULUM VITAE  
TAN TU-NGO-NHUT (Mr.) 
Từ Ngô Nhựt Tân 
Day of birth: 
Dec 3rd, 1991 
Place of birth: 
BenTre 
Phone number: 
0168 5566 706 
E-mail: 
tan.tungo@gmail.com 
Current address: 
49 PhuTho, District 11, HoChiMinh City 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Feb 10th 2014 to present 
Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions Vietnam Co. Ltd (RBVH) 
Position: Intern (6 months) and Software Engineer (present). 
Description: 
Develop software for embedded system in automobiles: torque control, fuel 
system, and speed control. 
Write test scripts and execute test cases for embedded software in automobiles. 
Develop supporting tools/macros (VB, C++) for embedded software development. 
EDUCATION 
2009 to 2014 
Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology. 
Faculty: 
Faculty of mechanical engineering 
Program: 
PFIEV-Programme de Formation d’Ingénieurs d’Excellence au Vietnam * 
(Vietnamese-French Training Program of Excellent Engineer) 
Major: 
Mechatronics engineering 
Graduation time: 
April 2015 
Cumulative GPA: 
7.74 
*Bachelor of Engineering in PFIEV – 5-year Engineering program – is equivalent to European Master recognized by 
CTI (“Commission des Titres d’Ingenieur”) 
2006 to 2009 
BenTre high school for the gifted. 
Major: 
Mathematics 
Cumulative GPA: 9.1 
Exceptional 
Achievements: 
Bronze medal in Mathematics Olympiads Apr 30th (2007) 
Bronze medal in Mathematics Olympiads Apr 30th (2008) 
First Prize in Provincial Math contest on calculator (2008) 
Consolation Prize in Maths in the Provincial Excellent Student Contest (2008) 
Second Prize in Provincial Math contest on calculator (2009) 
Third Prize in Maths in the Provincial Excellent Student Contest (2009) 
Third Prize in the IX Math contest on calculator-Cửu Long delta Region (2009) 
SKILLS/ QUALIFICATIONS 
Soft skills  Ability to study by oneself.  Ability to work in group, as well as to work independently.  Ability to state one’s ideas logically.  Willing to learn new knowledge and new concept.  Ability to search for documents and information from research books and  on the 
Internet. 
Languages  English: Fluent 
+ Have ability to communicate fluently, as well as read and comprehend 
documents in specialized English. 
+ Qualification: TOEIC: 950pts.  French: Fair 
+ Have ability to communicate, as well as read and comprehend documents in 
French. 
+ Qualification: DELF B1. 
Computer skills  Familiar with specialized software:  Programming language: C++, C#, VBA.  Basic knowledge on OOP and data structure.  Basic knowledge on Linux OS.  Modeling and Simulation : Maple, Matlab.  Mechanical software: AutoCAD, Solidwork, Pro/ENGINEER.  Electrical software: Orcad.  Others: MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, E-mail, Internet. 
Automatic control  Have experience in working with Microchip PIC, Arduino, and Raspery Pi. 
Thesis  ‘Study and apply of voice recognition in controlling mobile robot.’ 
Publication  Tu Ngo Nhut Tan, Pham Cong Hung and Phung Tri Cong, ‘Improving the Accuracy of 
Controlling DC Servo Motor by Real-time Method’, International symposium on 
Mechatronics and Robotics, The 13th Conference on Science and Technology, 
HoChiMinh City University of Technology. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Social Activities  Take part in a lot of charitable activities.  Take part in The Green Summer Campaign (2010).  Member of UTEC (University of Technology English Club). 
Characteristics  Optimistic: always have positive thinking.  Open-minded: willing to learn new knowledge.  Somewhat humorous. 
Hobbies/Interests  Reading,  Watching scientific programs and videos. (My favorite series are ‘C’est pas socier’ and 
‘How it is made’)  Listening to and playing music,  And cooking. 
