Minh Dang Bui— Economist & Data Analyst
Last update: September 27, 2018
Contact
Information
118B, Lane 169, Hoang Van Thu Ward,
Hoang Mai District,
Hanoi, Vietnam
E-mail:buigiaminh91@gmail.com
Tel: (+84)972 51 9998
Research
Background
Economics.
Finance.
Interest
Growth Theory, General Equilibrium, Dynamics Macroeconomics
Visualization, Data Mining, Big Data, Deep Learning
Business Development, Technology Start-ups, Technology Transfer and Evaluation
Skills
Analytical skills, Communication skills, Critical-thinking skills, Math skills, Detail
oriented.
Intellectual curiosity, Coding skills, Data visualization.
Ireeds Institute of Research, Hanoi, Vietnam
1/2018–Current
Education
Applied Econometrics with R course.
VCREME Research Center, Hanoi, Vietnam
11/2017–Current
Advisors: PSE Emeritus Professor. Cuong Le Van (Quantitative Macroeconomic Modelling);
Associate Professor. Manh-Hung Nguyen (Microeconomics/Dynamic Macroeconomic); Asso-
ciate Professor. John Luke Gallup (Econometrics); PhD. Duong Viet Thong (Optimization);
Macquarie University, Sydney, Australia
02/2015–04/2017
M.Res in Faculty of Business and Economics.
Theoretical thesis researched on macroeconomic conditions and bank risk-taking in Australia
Advisor: Associate Professor. Tony Bryant.
National Economics University (NEU), Vietnam.
09/2009–9/2013
Bachelor of Advanced Educational Programs., Finance and Banking.
Technical
Skills
Programming Languages: Mainly R (Advance), Python
Technical Softwares: STATA, NVIVO, Gretl and other statistic softwares.
Other Skills: Microsoft Oﬃce, SurveyCTO, LaTeX
Network
connection
Academia and Experts: More than 30 Prof., Ass.Prof, lecture in world class level in US, Europe,
Australia... along with Vietnamese associations of science and professionals worldwide.
Alumni: More than 1000 VCREME and IREEDS Alumni in Viet Nam, and over 100 master,
Phd, researchers in foreign countries.
Engineers: More than 20 world class engineers (Computer Science, Data Science, Machine learn-
ing) working in highly prestigious tech corporations.
Enumerators: Around 5000 enumerators in Vietnam .
Universities and Organizations: Dozens Universities, research centre in VCREME/IREEDS
network and thousands ﬁrms through the network of BSR Corporation.
1 of 5
Research &
Consultant
Experience
Data Science Center UData, Hanoi, Vietnam
8/2018–Current
Founder
Together with world-class professors, experts and engineers (TSE, PSE, Evry Val d’Essonne Uni-
versity, Vanderbilt University, Warwick University, CNRS, VCREME, IREEDS, AFD, KAIST,
Viettel Group, BSR Group ...) to create pre-master, pre-doctoral programs, short and long-term
training courses in applied econometric and data science.
BSR Korea Corporation
3/2018–Current
Business consultant and business evaluation expert
◦ Export logistics, legal, investment joint consulting.
◦ R&D consulting (technology introduction, development, technology transfer)
◦ Business analysis and strategic design, technology valuation.
◦ Intellectual property consulting, patent evaluation.
◦ O2O (On Line Oﬀ Line) Consulting.
Referee: Mrs. Cao Huyen Trang, Country Director, SBR Corporation, htcao.vn@gmail.com
Ireeds Institute of Research, Hanoi, Vietnam
2/2018–Current
Research assistant for Senior Lecturer Tuan Anh Luong, De Montfort University and
TSE Research Faculty, INRA, Researcher at INRA, Nguyen Manh Hung: Main ac-
tivity is solving mathematical problems, optimization.
Assist general manager operate institute’s activities (research, training and international coop-
eration)
Referee: TSE Research Faculty, INRA, Researcher at INRA, Nguyen Manh Hung
Academy of Policy and Development, MPI Vietnam
8/2017–2/2018
Research Oﬃcer.
Managed research activities of Academy and conducted joint research projects.
◦ Formation and development of debt trading market for banks and enterprise in Vietnam
(National level project).
◦ Measured the impact of BREXIT on UK FDI by using General Equilibrium.
Mekong Development Research Institute (MDRI)
11/2016–07/2017
Researcher.
Main activities:  Researched and analyzed economic issues.  Conducted surveys and collected data.  Analyzed data using mathematical models and statistical techniques.  Prepared reports, tables, and charts that present research results.  Direct manage and support manage database system for projects.  Coordinate and join directly to build up projects including bidding, logistics, recruiting, train-
ing and supervise enumerators, keeping contact with relevant experts and organization.  There are 9 projects joined funded by World Bank, DFAT, Fred Hollows Foundation, Irish
Aid. Detail in Annex
Institute for Economics and Development Studies,
National Economics University
01/2014–12/2014 and 08/2017–Current
Part-time researcher.
Conducting research projects include:
◦ Methodology and research approach to identify
National level project
the market transaction value of technology trading.
Research leader
Project No.TTKHCN.T.04-2017
◦ Enhance innovation capability of organizations in
Quang Nam province the fourth industrial revolution.
Provincial level project
◦ Study of current situation and solution to improve
Provincial level project
human resources training among ethnic minority in
Quang Nam Province.
◦ Current status of R&D and technology transfer
Provincial level project
of industrial enterprises in Hung Yen province.
Referee: PhD Dang Thu Huong, huongtb2020@gmail.com
Volunteering
and Other
Activities
Young Drukpa Association Vietnam
Active Member
04/2017–Current
2 of 5
Opening Workshop  GEMMES Program (Generalized Monetary Macroeconomics
for the Ecological Shift).
Member of organizing committee
7 May 2018
Vietnam Sustainability Forum
Member of organizing committee
18-19 January 2018
Vietnam Water Resources Planning Institute
Trainee Engineer, Economic Division
01/2014–12/2014
Volunteer
10/2013–12/2013
Honors,
Awards and
Others
Certiﬁcates, Data Scientist with R from DataCamp.
2018
Certiﬁcate, Leadership and governance for provincial transformation .
2017
Certiﬁcate, Macquarie Mres Expo, present about bank-risk taking behaviour.
2017
Small Grant,Australia Awards 2017
2017
Update book: 54 Ethnic Minorities: WHY Diﬀerent.
Scholarship, Macquarie Research Excellence Scholarship
2015
for International Research Training Pathway (VIED-MQRES iRTP).
Third prize Vietnam Young Science Talent Award 2013.
University level 2013
First prize Vietnam Young Science Talent Award 2013.
Faculty level 2013
Annex
◦ Baseline Survey for Scaling up Rural Water Supply
and Sanitation in Vietnam.
Client: World Bank
Overview:In April 2017, MDRI conducted the Baseline Survey for Scaling up Rural Water Sup-
ply and Sanitation in Vietnam in 4 provinces in the Northern Mountains and Central Highlands
(NM-CH) regions of Vietnam as commissioned by the World Bank.
The survey was part of the technical assistance provided by the Work Bank to the government,
which aims to strengthen institutional capacities of government at central, provincial and district
level in implementing rural sanitation activities for the NM-CH region. The programm will scaled
up to 21 provinces of the NM-CH Regions with the lowest sanitation coverage.
The survey was carried out in Dien Bien, Hoa Binh, Dak Lak, Tuyen Quang with primary partic-
ipants being heads of household, mothers and caretakers of children under eleven years old. The
baseline survey covered information on household roster and demographics; sanitation, hygiene
and water situation (infrastructure and behaviors); knowledge, attitudes and practices, including
handwashing behavior using sticker diaries; and sanitation program exposure. The survey was
implemented to a total of 400 households
Extra Tasks:Delivered training for enumerators; Conducted a pilot survey; Supervised ﬁeldwork
plan implementation; Resolved ﬁeldwork and operational issues;
◦ Cao Lanh Bridge impact evaluation.
Client: DFAT
Overview:Cao Lanh Bridge Project was the single biggest Australian aid activity in mainland
Southeast Asia and a ﬂagship of Australian development cooperation in Vietnam. Australia com-
mitted AUD 160 million to co-ﬁnance the civil works and the design and construction of supervision
activities. Cao Lanh Bridge was part of the Central Mekong Connectivity Project, which was ex-
pected to beneﬁt approximately 170,000 users daily and to improve living standards for about ﬁve
million residents of An Giang, Can Tho, and Dong Thap provinces.
The Peer Review in 2013 recommended that the project needed to develop a robust analytical
framework to assess its impacts. The Impact Evaluation Design identiﬁed the direct and indirect
impacts and transmission channels of the project results.
Extra Tasks:Coded and prepared survey tools; Delivered training for enumerators; Conducted
a pilot survey; Supervised ﬁeldwork plan implementation; Resolved ﬁeldwork and operational is-
sues; Conducted qualitative survey (In-depth interview 20 organizations, and representatives of 6
industrial zones in Can Tho, An Giang and Dong Thap);
◦ Central Highlands Poverty Reduction Project.
Client: World Bank
Overview:Central Highlands Poverty Reduction Project (GNTN) targets the 130 poorest com-
munes in the 26 poorest districts in six provinces of the Centra I Highlands and South-Central Coast
3 of 5
of Vietnam (Dak Lak, Dak Nong, Kon Tum, Gia Lai, quang Nam and Quang Ngai provinces).
The project aims to improve the local living standards through assistance in (a) village and com-
mune infrastructure development; (b) sustainable livelihoods development via food security and
nutrition activities; (c) connective infrastructure development, capacity building and communica-
tions (worth approximately $53 million); and (d) project management (worth approximately $17
million). The general objective of the assignment is to evaluate the understanding and percep-
tions of the proiect’s objectives, approaches, assistance provided, and results achieved to date by
proiect beneﬁciaries and stakeholders in order to adjust or improve the various activities, technical
support, communication eﬀorts, and participatory processes to support the ultimate achievement
of the project’s overall objective.
Extra Tasks:Managed qualitative data (by using NVIVO); prepared ﬁeldwork plan; Coordinated
with other contributors of project in building research framework
◦ Vietnam Public Opinion Survey 2016 for the Australian Embassy
Client: DFAT
Overview:Australia is among the most dynamic international and regional partners of Vietnam
in multiple sectors, including development assistance, trade, investment, education, tourism, etc..
As Australia has been increasing its activities within Vietnam, the country would like to acquire
a comprehensive understanding of its perception among Vietnamese people. A Vietnam Public
Perception Survey, hence, is crucial for this understanding.
MDRI has been commissioned by the Australian Department of Foreign Aﬀairs and Trade (DFAT)
to undertake the Vietnam Public Opinion Survey 2016 for the Australian Embassy. The survey,
covering 5,000 respondents from 10 provinces all over Vietnam, provided essential ﬁndings to assist
DFAT in the design and implementation of its activities in Vietnam, thereby enhancing coopera-
tion between the two countries. The survey also explored the prevailing perceptions of Vietnamese
people about key issues facing the country.
Extra Tasks:Coded and prepared survey tools; Conducted a pilot survey; Delivered training for
enumerators; Supervised ﬁeldwork plan implementation; Resolved ﬁeldwork and operational is-
sues; Revised survey questionnaires;
◦ Survey on Knowledge, Attitude, and Practice (KAP)
Regarding School Eye Care
Client: The Fred Hollows Foundation
Overview:The Fred Hollows Foundation is a non-proﬁt public health organization based in Aus-
tralia, which was founded in 1992 by an eye surgeon, Professor Fred Hollows. The Foundations
mission is to prevent blindness in the developing world. In Vietnam, the Fred Hollows Foundation
has implemented two projects Vietnam Child Eye Care (VNCEC) and Better Eyes for Better Ed-
ucation (BEBE). The objectives of these projects were to improve eye care for Vietnamese students
by educating children about practices and behaviour that promote eye health. To have precise
evidence and to understand the feasibility of school eye screening programs, the research surveyed
the knowledge, attitude and practice (KAP) of pupils, parents and teachers about eye care. The
survey was fundamental to design communication activities and to improve the eﬃciency of the
project. Therefore, The Fred Hollow Foundation has involved the Mekong Development Research
Institute to conduct baseline and endline KAP surveys. 35 primary and secondary schools in three
provinces (Hai Duong, Tien Giang and Da Nang) participated in the survey.
Extra Tasks:Coded and prepared survey tools; Delivered training for enumerators; Revised sur-
vey questionnaires; Conducted a pilot survey; Supervised ﬁeldwork plan implementation; Resolved
ﬁeldwork and operational issues; Conducted ﬁeldwork in schools in Hai Duong Province (including
in-depth interviews and focus group discussions)
◦ Randomised Control Trial (RCT) on the Impact of
Glasses Provision on Glasses Wearing
Behaviour and Educational Outcome
Client: The Fred Hollows Foundation
Overview:The Fred Hollows Foundation is a non-proﬁt public health organization based in Aus-
tralia, which was founded in 1992 by an eye surgeon, Professor Fred Hollows. The Foundation
focuses on strengthening eye health systems and the treatment and prevention of avoidable blind-
ness caused by Cataract, Trachoma, Diabetic Retinopathy, and Refractive Error. The Foundation
operates in more than 20 countries including Australia and across the Paciﬁc, South Asia, the
Middle-East, East Asia, and Africa. Previous studies suggest that children with uncorrected re-
4 of 5
fractive errors tend to have lower scores in cognitive ability and reading tests compared with
children with corrected refractive errors. However, there are no studies that measure the impact
of correcting refractive errors and the impact on educational performance in Vietnam. The aim
of this research was to ﬁll this gap in the literature.
The results provided information to in-
crease the equal opportunities for access to eye care services (providing full or partial subsidies
for poor children). The Foundation has involved the Mekong Development Research Institute to
design and conduct research to measure the impact of glasses provision on glasses wearing and edu-
cational outcome. The research was conducted in 45 primary and secondary schools in Tien Giang.
Extra Tasks:Designed the survey; Prepared ethical approval form; Coded and prepared survey
tools; Revised survey questionnaires;
◦ Assessment of residential electricity demand patterns
and potential impacts of electricity tariﬀ increases
Client: World Bank
Overview:The study consists of enrolling 3,800 households selected in the districts of Vinh Yen,
Phuc Yen in some energy conservation and subsidy programs and evaluating the impact of these
programs on electricity consumption. The impact evaluation will be done using household data
collected for the purpose of the study, alongside electricity consumption data collected by Vinh
Phuc PC. The study consists of three phases: Sampling, Household appliances survey, Experiment
implementation.
Extra Tasks:Cleaned data set;
◦ Impact Assessment of Programme 135 Infrastructure Projects
Funded by Irish Aid (Fiscal year 2014-2015).
Client: Irish Aid
Overview:Between 2011 and 2016, Irish Aid provided 30.5 million through Programme 135 to
support 400 small-scale community infrastructure projects (such as rural road connections, com-
mune centres, school rooms, clinics, etc.) in nine provinces: Ha Giang, Cao Bang, Bac Kan, Dien
Bien, Thanh Hoa, Quang Tri, Quang Ngai, Kon Tum and Tra Vinh.
The purpose of the assignment is to assess the impact of the P135 infrastructure projects in a
sample number of communes implementing projects supported by Irish Aid in 2015 (a grant of
4.43 million was provided in 2014 to support 70 commune construction projects in 9 Provinces
in 2015). The assessment will be conducted in 4 provinces: Bac Kan, Dien Bien, Thanh Hoa,
and Quang Ngai and focus on (i) the relevance of the projects to the context and needs; (ii) the
eﬀectiveness and eﬃciency of implementation; and (iii) the change which the projects have brought
about and the sustainability of this change.
Extra Tasks:Revised survey questionnaires; Conducted ﬁeldwork in Thanh Hoa and Dien Bien
(qualitative survey including in-depth interviews and focus group discussions); Prepared survey
report;
◦ Global Value Chains Survey in Viet Nam.
Client: World Bank
Overview:The aim of the study is to better understand enterprise-level dynamics of value chain
interactions, labour use, and the drivers of ﬁrm growth, investment, and job creation, as well as to
identify ﬁrms opportunities and obstacles for participation in GVCs. The project is implemented
in provinces across Vietnam, where ﬁrms within value chains locate. The survey covers the follow-
ing sectors: i) Textile & apparel, and ii) ICT (Information and Communications Technology) with
at least 500 interviews conducted in each value chain. All the stages of a value chain are covered
in the study: input suppliers, processors, producers of intermediate and end products, marketers,
brand-manufacturers, retailers, etc.
Extra Tasks:Cleaned data set;
5 of 5
