Minh N. Pham  
Email: mnphamx1@gmail.com 
Github: github.com/mnpham0417 
EDUCATION 
Worcester Polytechnic Institute  
Worcester, MA 
Currently pursuing BS in Computer Science and Mathematical Sciences 
Undergraduate courses: Accelerated to Program Design, Object-Oriented Design Concepts, System 
Programming Concepts, Algorithms, Database Systems I, Applied Statistics I 
SKILLS 
Languages: Python; Java; SQL; C++; C 
Technologies: Git; Numpy; Pandas; Scikit-learn; BeautifulSoup; Jupyter Lab; Regex; SQL Developer 
WORK EXPERIENCE   
Data Science Intern, Viettel Cyberspace Center 
Summer 2018  
Built a machine learning model to predict the income of customers using telecommunication data. 
(Used Python) 
Implemented Regex to create a parser to extract the price of electricity from phone messages sent 
from banks and electric companies. (Used Java) 
Java Tutor, Bedrock Educational Consultants 
Summer 2018 
Taught high school students basic to intermediate programming concepts, data structures and 
algorithms. 
Salesman, Bedrock Educational Consultants  
Feb 2017 – Aug 2017 
Collected and analyzed student’s profile to target customers that could maximize the revenue for the 
company.  
Brought in $54,000 in revenue.  
PROJECTS 
Stocks Movement Predictor, Project (Developed in Python) 
https://github.com/mnpham0417/Sentiment-Stocks 
Performed normal/financial sentiment analysis on news articles and tweets. 
Built a machine learning model to predict the price movement of stocks. 
Fitbit Classification, Project (Developed in Python)  
https://github.com/mnpham0417/Fitbit-Classification 
Collected, manipulated and analyzed heart rate and activity data. 
Built a machine learning model to identify days with abnormal activity. 
Wines Database Application, Project (Developed in Java and Oracle SQL) 
https://github.com/mnpham0417/CS3431-Database-Systems-I 
Designed ERD and created database. 
Write a Java application to retrieve and update data from database. 
Home Credit Default Risk, Kaggle Competition (Used Python) 
Developed data manipulation and models tuning skills. 
CERTIFICATES 
DataCamp (https://www.datacamp.com/) 
Machine Learning with Python Track , Importing and Cleaning Data with Python Track, Python 
Programming Track 
