VAN THI HONG DIEP  
27, Dong Hung Thuan 42 Street, 
Tan Hung Thuan Ward, 
District 12, HCM City 
PERSIONAL DETAILS 
Date of Birth 
October 26, 1990 
Gender 
Female 
Marital Status 
Married 
Permanent Address 
Vinh Tien Hamlet, Vinh Hoa Commune, Duc Hoa District, 
Binh Duong Province, Vietnam 
Mobile phone 
+84977.868.572 
E-mail 
diephtv90@gmail.com 
OBJECTIVE 
To complete assigned work.  
To improve skills in professional environment.  
To have the opportunity to impact the actual. 
EXPERIENCE 
1. From June/2013 up to now: working at Kruger Ventilation Industries (Vietnam) Ltd,.Co 
Working as Sales engineer: 
+ Project sale directly (ventilation fans). 
+ Follow the orders and take care the customers. 
Working as Sales support engineer: 
+ Support Sales engineer to communicate with customer for technical, commercial, 
delivery, warranty… 
+ Prepare quotation, contract, purchase order, relative document as CO, CQ, 
Warranty letter… 
+ Follow schedule of delivery. 
2. From January/2013 to May/2013: 
The freelance in Website Community department of www.deltaviet.com.vn 
EDUCATION 
2008  2012            
The University of Transport in HCMC, Vietnam 
Bachelor of Telecommunicating & Networking 
Subjects studied: 
Operating Systems: Windows  
Programming languages: C, C++. 
Database: SQL Server, MySQL 
Subjects: System Analysis and Design, Object  Oriented Programming (using 
C# languages), Database Management System, Design and develop website. 
Some projects: 
Design: Administering Building materials store software. 
2005  2008  
Phuoc Vinh High School – Phu Giao, Binh Duong, VietNam. 
SKILLS  
C++ programming  
I learned and worked with C++ when I was a student    
System Analysis and Design 
Object  Oriented Programming   
Setup, maintain system running Microsoft Windows 
Managing SQL database system  
Teamwork. 
Communication, Presentation, Public speaking skills   
Foreign languages: I can listen, speak, read and write English. 
ADDITION INFORMATION 
Easily adapted to new environment. 
I was joining the active at youth palace of culture in HCM city. 
I finished the course kind of: Communication art, public speaking skill and 
Master of Ceremonies at youth palace of culture in HCM city. 
I’m member of MC Club at Youth palace of culture in HCM city. 
I attended training course about: Team building, Teamwork, To administer time 
at Say Cheese Services Co.,Ltd and at Nhan Viet Co.,Ltd. 
In my University, I’m executive committee members of Youth of Electronics and 
Telecommunication Department. In addition, I also organize regular activities of 
my class, my department  
INTERESTS  
Travelling, Reading books, Shopping… 
