Nguyen Thanh Cuong
District 10, Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam
(+84) 97 455 0897
cuongnguyen149@gmail.com
OBJECTIVE
To acquire a challenging career with a solid company utilizing the opportunity to offer proven 
and developing skills within the company.
SUMMARY
2+ year experience in Mobile Application Development, both Android and Cross-
platform application.
1+ year experience of Backend and Database development including: NodeJS, Bluemix,
Amazon Web Service …
Experience in Web Development (HTML5/CSS3/Javascripts)
TECHNICAL SKILL
Languages
Proficient in: Java, Java Script
Familiar with: C#
Frameworks: 
Mobile: Android, Hybrid
Backend: NodeJS, Bluemix, Amazon Web Services…
Database:SQLite, MongoDB, CouchDB, MS SQL…
Additional Skills: iBeacon, Photoshop, Illustrators, Corel Draw, Dreamweaver, Jenkins…
EXPERIENCE
Mobile Software Engineer
CSC VietNam
Responsibilities:
Develop applications in multiple platforms (Android, cross-platform, web-
based applications) as per the requirements both Front-end and Backend.
Assist in preparation of web based, production applications and 
prototypes.
Analyze and troubleshooting any production issue at spot
Technical support international conference 
7/2014 to present
Android Developer
Daon Studio
Responsibilities:
Implement development tasks for Android games.
Assisted in publishing applications to Google Play.
3/2014-5/2014
5/2013-3/2014
Android Developer
AllianceIT
Responsibilities:
Implement UI designs and development tasks for Android applications
Assisted in publishing applications to Google Play.
Support interns and new comers.
PROJECT DETAILS
MOBILE PLATFORM AS A SERVICE  MPASS
Period
: July 2014 to present
Team size
: 8
Description: A development platform for feature rich enterprise mobile apps. Clients can "rent" 
entire MEAP INSTANCES on mPaaS to allow them to build and host their own mobile 
apps for the enterprise on them or to contract a service provider to develop the 
enterprise app for them.
Environment
: NodeJS, Worklight (MobileFirst), JSON, GitHub, Amazon, Jenkin, AngularJS,   
Ubuntu14.04, d3js… 
Role
: System Administrator, Front-end and Back-end developer.
Responsibilities:
Implement development task in both front-end and back-end
Setup, build and deploy project on Amazon Web Service (using UC2 and S3)
Automatic deployment using Jenkin
JPAY
Period
: May 2015 to July 2015 
Team size
: 7
Description: A joint project being undertaken by Mediback, TAC, EFTPOS and CSC which 
envisages the development for a Health Industry Mobile, Online and Card solution 
that will broaden the services and product choice available to the payers providers 
and consumers in the Health, Disability and Injury Sectors
Environment
: NodeJS, Bluemix Cloud, MongoDB
Role
: Backend developer
Responsibilities:
Analyze project requirement for designing of data structure, public and private API.
Implement development task for backend/service side.
Analyze and troubleshoot any production issue at spot during the time of conference.
SCAVENGER HUNT
Client
: CSC 
Period
: Feb 2015 to Apr 2015 
Team size
: 4
Description: A small game for participants in CSC Global Sales Conference 2015, using iBeacon 
to track users’ location in short range
Environment
: NodeJS, HTML5/CSS3/Javascript, Bluemix Cloud, Android SDK, iBeacon 
SDK...
Role
: Android/Backend Developer
Responsibilities:
Implement UI design and development tasks for Android version.
Analyze and troubleshoot any production issue at spot during the time of conference.
Build and deploy app to real devices (iOS and Android).
MOBILE ASSET CATALOG
Period
:May 2014 to May 2014 
Team size
: 4
Description: Application list all internal application and allow user install other application which 
in list. An admin page allow add, delete, update application.
Environment : NodeJS, Titanium Appcelerator, Alloy Framework, HTML3/CSS/Javascript, Bluemix
Cloud
Role
: Developer
Responsibilities:
Implement UI design/development tasks in various technologies and frameworks for both
front-end and back-end side
Build and deploy app to real device (iOS, Android and Windows Phone)
SUNNY FLOWER
Period
: May 2013 to March 2014 
Team size
: 5
Description: An application that helps users to order/purchase flower online via Sunny Flower 
application
Environment
: Android SDK, PHP, Eclipse.
Role
: Android Developer
Responsibilities:
Implement UI design and development tasks.
Integrate application with server.
Analyze and troubleshoot any production issue at spot during the time of conference.
EDUCATION
Open University
2009 to 2013
Bachelor Of Science
Major: Management Information System
