1 
LÂM THỊ THÙY NGÂN 
Cell phone: +84 939 444 076 
Email:  
lamthithuyngan@gmail.com 
Address:  
58/23 Binh Thoi Street, District 11, Ho Chi Minh City. 
Objective 
Becoming an IT Business Engagement Manager or IT Operation Manager in 5 years. 
Working with the best, challenge myself to get more experience, knowledge and 
development opportunities in career path. 
Skills 
Technical skills: 
Knowledge in ITIL; Services Desk tool (CA, Manage Engine, Service Now). 
Knowledge in Portal, SAP ECC/ SRM, NAV system, Dreamweaver, Joomla, SLQ basically. 
Knowledge in WAN, LAN, VMWare, Windows Server & Clients, Linux OS (Centos), DNS, 
DHCP, Active Directory, WSUS, DFS, File Sharing, Network Devices, Firewall, PABX, Mail 
Exchange, Lotus Notes, Google Apps, Mobile Devices, SharePoint… 
Using design tools such as Microsoft Visio, Project, Edraw Max, Photoshop, and Illustrator. 
Strong experience in Help-desk processes and IT problem solving procedures. 
Strong experience in managing IT devices, licenses on in-house application. 
Experience in writing user guides, organization and training, doing monthly report. 
Good understanding of budgeting and cost controlling for IT devices, licenses. 
Good understanding of business requirements, office locations. 
Advanced in English. 
Soft skills: 
Adapts and learns, customer focus, analysis and problem solving. 
Leadership, team-work spirit and independent. 
Organization, presentation, communication skill. 
Work History 
3. May, 2014  Currently: 
Position: IT Helpdesk & Support Leader 
Vincommerce Jsc (Vinmart) 
Type of business: Service/Retail/Supermarket 
2. April, 2012  April, 2015: 
Position: IT Helpdesk Operator 
Holcim Viet Nam Co., Ltd 
Type of business: Manufacturing (Cement/Beton/Geo) 
1. October, 2009  April, 2012: 
Position: IT Specialist 
Viet Digital Development Co., Ltd 
Type of business: Services/Hardware/Software/Project 
2 
Job Description: 
Vincommerce Jsc 
Managing and organize a lean effective team with challenge and suitable assignment. 
Responsible for deploying IT helpdesk process, service desk and hardware inventory tool. 
Providing an efficient consulting and supporting IT service for local users to meet high-
level expectation and satisfaction from customers. 
Ensuring that 100% IT equipment movements are recorded on the IT Inventory and the 
report is available upon request from Head of IT/IM, IT Group with accuracy. 
Responsible for managing Active Directory, PABX, Data room (SharePoint) / File Sharing. 
Working with IT Group for the project as VIN ID Card Members, MacAfee. 
Supporting NSO (new store opening) team in case new stores / supermarkets opening. 
Supporting Head of IT/IM for organize and evaluate team performance quarterly. 
Having a chance to learn and work on Microsoft Dynamic NAV System. 
Holcim Viet Nam Co., Ltd  
Responsible for receiving and collecting required information from end-users to assign and 
monitor tasks of IT Local and IT APAC (Asia Pacific) within SLA (Service Level Agreement). 
Responsible for analyzing and supporting the various problems regarding to Domain, Mail 
Lotus notes, Google Apps, MS Offices, Hardware, Software, SAP, Citrix, SRM, Sale forces… 
Managing IT devices, licenses on in-house application (hardware inventory). 
Responsible for ITSM process (ISO 20000) tracking and following up to make sure the IT 
processes are solved with SLA time. 
Cooperating with Holcim IT Regional to implement and monitor IT processes basing on 
ITIL concept (Incident; Problem; Change; Configuration; Supplier; Service Continuity and 
Availability; Budgeting & Accounting, Service Level Managements). 
Proactive IT services to support more business activities by training for end users about IT 
Tips; SAP Tips/Tricks. Organizing NPS (Net Promoted Score) program to get user’s 
feedback to improve the IT services yearly. 
Working with IT Regional to execute the project such as Service Desk Tool; APAC SAP 
Archiving Project; Together Faster Project; IT Security Awareness Training; Directives of 
documents/ emails; Mobile Device Management, 02 verified steps on Mobile Devices… 
Monthly corporate with finance team (AP,AR,CO) to make the IT Budget report regarding 
to IT Holcim Local and APAC Costs (region projects, support services, connection, SAP 
maintenance, NIIT outsourcing, hardware, and license costs...) 
Responsible for timely analyzing and reporting Helpdesk problem to IT local and global. 
Undertaking as Google Admin after joining project to migrate from lotus notes to Google. 
Acting as the IT Team Leader in delegation tasks. 
3 
Viet Digital Development Co., Ltd 
Responsible for implementing domain controller and ISA, Mail Exchange for customers. 
Troubleshoot customer‘s issues via phone or remote tools and on-site. 
Combining with pre-sale to determine system specifications and business process 
management and business requirement from clients. 
Working with IT team to draw the plan, timescales and checklist, action logs before 
deploying project for customers. 
Cooperating with relevant vendors to get the latest technology updates and support when 
the system encountered problems. 
Ensure 100% issue of customers must be solved within commitment of VDD‘s services. 
Doing weekly & monthly report about the solution to solve the issue of customer. 
Education 
2005-2009: InfoWorld School (Engineer degree – Network and System). 
Learning how to administer Windows Server, Network, Mail Exchange, ISA, and VMWare. 
The best of student after project and top 3 groups of School to Work award. 
2012-2016: University of Social Sciences and Humanities (Major: Bachelor in English)  
Training courses & certificates: 
2009: Microsoft Certified (MCSA, MCSE); CCNA certificated; TOEIC certificated. 
2010: Learnt Dreamweaver, Joomla, SQL (Nhat Nghe Center) 
2012: Presentation Course; Effective Planning Course (Holcim Vietnam). 
2013: ITIL Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management (Asia Pacific Regional Center). 
2014: Upgraded ITIL – Service Operation Module (Asia Pacific Regional Center). 
2014: The Train the Trainer Course (Asia Pacific Regional Center). 
2014: Communication Course (Holcim Vietnam). 
2014: Migrating from Lotus note to Google Apps (Revevol & Global Regional Center). 
2015: Leadership, Change Management, Time management. 
Hobbies 
Playing badminton, chess, reading books, playing musical instrument – Ukulele, travelling. 
Surfing technology websites, joining IT seminars, joining company activities. 
Reference 
Reference person: 
Name:    Mr. Hồ Trí Mẫn 
Contact: (+84)902 494 566 
Company name: Holcim Company 
Job title: Head of IT/IM 
4 
Reference letter: 
Thank you so much for reading! 
