NIHAL TAHARIYA 
Banglore,Karnataka 
nihaltahariya95@gmail.com 8463-044-644 Gtihub 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
To work in the field of Data Science, apply my acquired knowledge to contribute to achieving strategic 
organizational goals and getting regular carrer advancement opportunities. 
ACCOMPLISHMENTS 
Completed the following Massively Online Open Courses (MOOCs): 
o Machine Learning: Regression by University of Washington, Coursera, 2017. 
o Neural Networks and Deep Learning by deeplearning.ai, Coursera, 2017. 
o Improving Deep Neural Networks, Hyper Parameter Tuning, Regularization and 
Optimization by deeplearning.ai , Coursera, 2017. 
o Structured Machine Learning Project by deeplearning.ai, Coursera 2018. 
o Applied Text Mining by University of Michigan, Coursera, 2018. 
o Convolutional Neural Network by deeplearning.ai, Coursera 2018. 
o Mentor Training Program by Coursera, 2017. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Data Science: Python, Numpy, Pandas,  Seaborn, Matplotlib, Scikit Learn  
Exploratory Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Text mining 
Scrapy, NLTK, OpenCV, Deep Learning, Tensorflow, Keras. 
Optical Character Recognition, Web scraping, Image Processing 
Machine learning models used in the regression and classification task 
DATA SCIENCE – INTERN 
Handwriting Recognition Project: Build the next generation handwriting recognition system by using 
Computer vision and Deep learning. Applied various image processing techniques to improve the 
performance of existing models. Trained YOLO model from the scratch for the character recognition task. 
Optical Character Recognition Project: Build the image classifier by using the transfer learning. The 
tesseract library is used for the name_tagging purpse. To further classify the images into two different 
categories, wrote an algorithm which takes the inputs from the above modules and fulfilled the task 
requirements.   
PROJECT WORK 
Data Identity: (Analytics Vidhya) 
72 rank on the private leaderbord.  
Mcikinsky Analytics Competiton: (Analytics Vidhya) 
AUC score of 0.79 
Whats Your House Worth: (College Project) 
It was a regression task, where I had applied various machine learning algorithms to find the price of 
an house. I collected the data from the UCI machine learning repository. 
BLOG WORK  
A project on Image Processing called ‘Simple Image Processing using OpenCv’. This blog teaches 
the basics of Image Processing. Our task is to extract the white stripe having blood sample of the 
patient from the given images. I have published a detailed tutorial/blog about this project and its link 
is: 
https://medium.com/@nihaltahariya/simple- image-processsing-c8deb432e0a2 
EDUCATION 
Higher Secondary: Secured 81 % in M.P. Board of Secondary Education, 2012 
Senior Secondary: Secured  76 % under  M.P. Board of Secondary Education, 2010 
Bachelor of Engineering(Computer Engineering): Secured 64.2 %  in IET  DAVV  University 
2017 
INTERESTS AND HOBBIES 
Practicing Yoga , Fitness , Calisthenics 
Reading books 
