Page | 1  
DAT V. VUONG 
Email: dat.vuong88@gmail.com  Mobile: +84944880828  
Address: 16/18, Le Quy Don St., Ward 12, Phu Nhuan Dist., HCMC 700000, Vietnam 
vn.linkedin.com/in/vuongvinhdat 
QUANTITATIVE ANALYSIS  
Meticulous Quantitative Analyst who undertakes complex assignments, meets tight deadlines and delivers 
good performance. Possesses practical knowledge in Corporate Finance and Quantitative Methods. Applies the 
knowledge to study papers and apply into related projects. Opened-minded & quick-minded for new 
knowledge. Core competencies include:   
Risk management  Data analytics  Data mining  Quantitative financial analysis  Financial Analysis  
Statistics  VBA  SQL  R  Power BI  Matlab 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Andafin Limited  Vietnam  Oct 2016 – Present 
Andafin is a Hong Kong limited company, serving clients globally to build strategies and systems to grow 
their business, using data and analytical tools as a cornerstone of the process.  
Data Analytics Consultant  
Using SQL, R to build data warehouse toolset and capabilities: ETL, analysis, reporting, cloud, visualization 
Data warehouse implementation 
LAZADA Group  Vietnam  Nov 2015 – Aug 2016 
LAZADA is Southeast Asia’s fastest growing and pioneering e-Commerce. With investments from Alibaba, 
Temasek, Tesco, J.P. Morgan, Investment AB Kinnevik and Rocket Internet.  
Regional Senior Data Analyst  Operations Business Intelligence 
Using R, SQL, GitHub to develop and deploy Invoice Checking Automation Project for 4 Countries. The 
tool helps Local Transportation teams to significantly increase the performance of invoice checking process 
from 7 to 2-3 working days and increase the accuracy of checking result.  
Using R, SQL, VBA to extract, revise, map and process data from various sources to delivery various reports 
and ad-hoc requests. 
Using SQL, VBA, Excel, Power BI to build and maintain Operations Dashboards/ Reports. 
Home Credit Vietnam Finance Company Limited  Vietnam  Apr 2014 – Aug 2015 
Home Credit Group is a leading mass market consumer finance provider with €8.8bn of assets. It has 
experienced considerable growth within Central and Eastern Europe, the Commonwealth of Independent 
States and Asia.  
Data Analyst – Portfolio Risk Management 
Using Oracle SQL, VBA to develop and maintain Risk Report (Underwriting and Anti-Fraud) for Board 
Managers and Head Quarter to have a full picture about given portfolio of products. 
Using Oracle SQL, VBA to calculate and estimate LTS/IIL (Loss to Sale/Interest Income Loss) for all 
products. Base on that, calculate profitability and propose changes in Underwriting process to reduce risk of 
high default rate segments. 
Providing risk inputs (Provision Rate, Roll Rate, Recovery Rate…) into Financial Model to calculate 
profitability every month as well as forecast profitability in next month/quarter. 
Supporting automatic tool (Macro VBA), create and optimize the performance of Data Calculation.  
Page | 2  
EDUCATION 
Master of Science in Quantitative and Computational Finance 
John von Neumann Institute – Vietnam National University HCMC  HCMC, Vietnam  Pending 
Bachelor of Arts in Corporate Finance 
University of Economics HCMC  HCMC, Vietnam  2011 
PERSONAL SKILLS AND COMPETENCES 
Technical Skills 
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite: Advanced Excel  Word  Power Point  Outlook  
Languages & Scripting: R  VBA  SQL  Power BI  GitHub  Matlab 
Language Skills 
Native language: Vietnamese  
Other languages: English  Mandarin Chinese  Cantonese 
