Resume 
Nguyen Thanh Nhan 
Nguyen Thanh Nhan 
B.Sc in Electrical and Electronics Engineering 
Male – 22 years old – Vietnam 
(+84) 967.555.921 
nhanthanhnguyen2702@gmail.com 
Profile 
Decent knowledge in the area of image processing, machine learning and 
deep learning. Experience in OOP and apply the algorithms to solve the 
problem. The ability to work and research independently. 
Work experience 
Swiss Post Solutions Vietnam / AI engineer internship 
4/2018 – 7/2018 
Swiss Post Solutions Vietnam Ltd. (SPS) is an integral part of Swiss Post 
Solutions, develops document processing services such as image 
processing, web research and IT services. 
Highlighted works  Implement image processing algorithm with OpenCV library.  Work with multithreading and design pattern.  Design a simple RESTful API with Python and Flask.  Implement VGG16 network with TensorFlow. 
Technologies  Language: Python.  Library: OpenCV, Scikit-learn, TensorFlow.  Technique: Machine learning, Deep learning, image processing.  Version control tool: Mercurial, Git. 
Resume 
Nguyen Thanh Nhan 
Skills 
Technical skills 
Programming languages: Python, C. 
Libraries: OpenCV, Scikit-learn, TensorFlow. 
Version control tool: Mercurial, Git. 
Language 
Vietnamese 
English (TOEIC 630) 
Education 
Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology 
B.Sc in Electrical and Electronics Engineering (2014 – 2018) 
Knowledge:  Fundamental knowledge about calculus, algebra, statistics and 
probability.  C programming language.  Image processing and Artificial Intelligence algorithms. 
Thesis: “Handwritten Vietnamese character recognition”  Collect dataset from the images of 29 handwritten Vietnamese 
characters.  Implement a Convolutional Neural Network with TensorFlow to 
classify handwritten Vietnamese characters.  Get recognition rate 93% 
Resume 
Nguyen Thanh Nhan 
References 
Le Phuc Truong 
AI Engineer 
Swiss Post Solutions Vietnam Ltd. – Hochiminh City 
Saigon ICT Tower, Quang Trung Software City, Hochiminh City, 
Vietnam 
Mail: truong.lephuc@gmail.com  Phone: 0903.736.607 
