CURRICULUM VITAE 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Name   
:  LE HOANG LAM 
Age   
:  November 2nd , 1992 
Gender  
:  Male 
Mobile 
:  01685368936 
Email  
:  hoanglam021192@gmail.com 
Position Applied  
:  Tester Engineering 
CAREER OBJECTIVE  
LONG-TERM GOAL 
I would like to become the leader of the group's tester development software of 
Electronic Communication companies after a period of 5 years after graduation. I will 
attend courses on Quality management system ISO 9001 which can contribute for the 
benefit of company. 
SHORT-TERM GOAL 
In 2016, become tester of Electronic and Development Software company to 
enhance the knowledge and skill and professional working style. 
ACADEMIC  
Sept 2011 to Mar 2016 
HCMC University of Technology and Education 
Major: Engineering of Electronics Communication 
Oct – Dec 2015 
Attended course  “Create Sharing Value” of  Nestle Viet 
Nam Ltd. This is a training program for final year students, 
to help students grasp the requirements "necessary and 
sufficient" from businesses before graduation. Course 
consists of thematic such as: 
The structure and organization of factory. 
The Intellectual property law and the Labor law. 
Personal value. 
Building a professional style and conquer employers. 
Construction relationships and integration into the 
enterprise environment. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  
July – Sept 2015 VNPRO Information center  Vietnam Professional Company 
Ltd. 
Position: Internships at Technical department. 
Implement checked operation and maintenance of training 
equipment such as routers, switches, hubs, computers, 
reinstalled OS for routers, switchs... of the center with 
instructor. 
Fixed it on the computer connected to the network 
equipment in the classrooms. 
Reported on the work with the instructor. 
Mar  Apr 2015 
Internships at the College of Technology in Thu Duc district 
Prepared lesson plans and teaching at the request of 
teachers which helped me to practice presentation skills and 
explain the problem to the crowd. 
Attend and reviews periods of instructors and members of 
the group internship learn Time management skill. 
April 2014   
Internships at Intermediate Practice school of the University of 
Technology and Education. 
2012 to 2015 
Specialized internships at the University of Technology and 
Education. 
PROGRAMMING ABILITY 
Electrical and Network simulation software such as Proteus, Optisystem, Matlab, 
Orcad, NS3, etc. 
Language programming: Visual basis, C and PhP, HTML. 
Project: Programming Webserver MySQL data on kit Raspberry Pi 
Responsibility/ Duty : 
Design a website and database for Raspberry. 
Programming for Raspberry to receive signal from     
sensor 
Project: Simulation EDFA amplifiers in optical fibers by OptiSystem software 
Responsibility/ Duty : 
Simulation EDFA amplifiers of network system. 
Compative EDFA fibers with normal fiber about 
effective, SNR,… 
Result : completed tasks assigned 
SKILLS  
Language 
English proficiency certificate Aptis B1 level by the British 
Council grade 
Informatics 
Informatics basic: Microsoft Works, Powerpoint, ... 
Soft skills 
Effect problem-solve skill, Presentation skill, Teamwork skill, 
Time management skill. 
Attitude 
Creative, Accept challenges and progressive, Passion technical, 
Willing learn new things. 
SOCIAL ACTIVITIES  
2015 
Collaborators of program Counseling admissions  vocational at 
HCMC University of Technology and Education. 
2013, 2014 
Joined artistic greeting 20-11 days, 26-03 days. 
2013 
Joined campaign Green Summer volunteer in Dak Nong province. 
2012 
Joined charity program in Bong Lai pagoda, Tan Thanh district, Ba 
Ria  Vung Tau. 
2012 
Joined “Tiep Suc Mua Thi” program at HCMC University of 
Technology and Education. 
