Application Form 
1. Personal Information: 
Full Name: Le Hoang Duy 
Birthday: 19/12/1985 
Gender: Male 
Hone Address: 32, Kha Van Can Street, Thu Duc District, Viet Nam 
Cell Phone: 0978.025.441 
Email Address: hoangduyniit@gmail.com 
2. Summary 
Desired Job: 
Job Title: Tester/QC 
Career Objective 
With the main objective being towards satisfaction, both for myself and the company, I 
strive to work towards the high standards of loyalty and dedication which has been 
consistent throughout, thereby making work a pleasure. 
Objective Expand leadership responsibilities, improve organizational ability to exceed 
corporate goals, and help honor all long-term commitments made to customers, 
stakeholders, employees and the communities in which we live 
HIGHLIGHTS OF QUALIFICATION 
Have 4 years’ experience in total of software development and Testing with multiple 
projects including web application, desktop application.. 
Analytical skills, to critically evaluate the information gathered from multiple sources, 
reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-
level information to a more general understanding, distinguish presented user requests 
from the underlying true needs, and distinguish solution ideas from requirements 
Ability to learn quickly and solve problems under high pressure. 
Manual Testing Skills: 
Experience in analyzing function requirements and translate them to test case 
Well acquainted with Software Development Life Cycle and Software Testing Life Cycle 
Experience in performing Function Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing, 
Regression Testing, Performance Testing.. 
Proficient  in developing, maintaining and executing test case for different Black Box 
Testing methodologies 
Experience using defect bug tracker like Jira, Redmine. 
Well versed with Test Document (Test plan, Test Scenario, Test Case, Test Data….) 
Automation Testing Skills 
Experience in working Test Automation Tool like Selenium, Soap UI, jmeter 
Experience in working on Page object Model Design 
Create Generic and Web Driver generic classes function for entire project 
Experience in indentifying object locator and creating Page Factory for all the page 
Experience in writing Xpath expression. 
Integrated TestNG, with our current project. 
Knowledge in Keyword and Data Driven frame work 
Good in Dot Net Framework and programming language(C#, java) 
Technical Skill: 
C#, VB.NET, ASP.NET MVC, ASP net Web API 
Automation Testing Tool: Selenium, SoapUI, Post Man 
Bug Tracking: JiRa, Redmine. 
Unit Testing and Code analysis: NUnit, JUnit 
MS SQL 2008: Analysis and Design E/R Model,T-SQL and Store procedure  
Independent or Team Work 
Source control: SVN 
Programming Tool: Visual Studio 2010,  2013 
3. Working Experience 
2013- Present. 
Edison HCM (123, Bach Dang street, Tan Binh District, HCM) 
Position: 
11/ 2013-10/2014: Developer 
10/2014- 12/2016 :  QC Engineer 
Project  : Shougun R Enviroment. 
Project detail: This is a software that base on .net framework 4.0 and MS-SQL server 2008. Programming 
language: C#. This is a Waste Management System. It developed to provide the service for activities 
includes amongst other things, collection, transport, treatment and disposal of waste together with 
monitoring and regulation. The goal is enhance the efficiency of work can be linked to a database of 
business with customer data that appropriate in one series of operations such as cost estimate, taking 
orders, coordinate car, sales, payment request, receive money, managed Manifest page and Manifest 
electronic. Now, there are so many Japan’s company using this product. In addition, they can require to 
add or customized new features into System belong to their business relies on the feature of ShougunR.  
Scope of Project:   
Back end – Desktop:  
Desktop Application and Mobile Application 
Product Management: 
Manage Product Category 
Inventory Product 
Manage Supplier/ Warehouse 
Sales Management: 
Manage export/ import trash 
Estimating Shipping & Handling 
Accounting:  
Manage import/export money  
Manage payment request 
Manage receive money  
Customer Service: 
Store customer’s information 
Automation service: 
linked with finance system software 
Linked with MOBILE SHOUGUN 
Responsibilities:  
Be in charge of developing important modules of project 
Understanding the business requirement of  the customer 
Plan, estimate and assign task to team member 
Develop test case, test plan (manual test) and test script (load test) to execute 
application, check list  
Monitor and control team member progress and get involve in unleashing and solving 
any raised problem relate to bug of design or bug programming from Developer team 
member 
Identified defects, report and interacted with the development team to resolve them 
Be in charge of carrying out integration, regression and system testing before release 
product for customer. 
Work with client for big release and new system/devices. 
Skill Set Utilized 
Solid experience in .net 4.0, MS SQL 2008. 
Best practice in software development 
Good experience in planning and estimating 
Strong leadership in managing team 
Strong communicate with BSE and Developer for to resolve problem related to bug. 
12/2011 – 5/2012 
Fujinet Company:(Pho Quang, Tan Binh) 
1. Project Name: NuriTDE  
Role at project: Quality Control 
Project Detail: This is a software of freight company in Japan. At times of the day, the program will call 
batchs.exe automatic to implement jobs such as : get information from orders detail, then check store and 
import data into database and export file .CSV. 
2. Project Name: Kinmu 
Role at project: Quality Control 
Project Detail: Kinmu project is a calendar to manage industrious information of staff at Japan company. It 
provides the solution for employee in know number of presence and absence day, create daily report to 
describe number of work in day and other work relate to company. 
3. Project Name: Time Card 
Role at project: Developer 
Project Detail: Time Cards project is a system to manage all staff. It is issued to its employee for working at 
the client site until the completion of the project. The employee  use their time card for all work processes 
and expenses during the contract period. The time card data enable company to prepare the final billing that 
needs to be submitted to the client for release of payment in lieu work   
4. EDUCATION  
NIIT Thu Duc – HCM, Vietnam: Bachelor of Science in Dot Net Technology Of Microsoft 
Language: English  TOEIC score 500, Japanese: elementary level 
5. My Expectations:  Type of Position Sought: full-Time Pernament  Desired work:HCM City  Salary Expectations: 800 $ up. 
