UNIVERSITY OF FINANCE  MARKETING
SEP 2013  MAY 2017
INTAGE VIETNAM (FTA FORMER) | MARKET RESEARCH |  99
NGUYEN CUU VAN, WARD 17, BINH THANH DISTRICT, HO CHI
MINH CITY
MAR 2014  AUG 2015
TANO BAKERY | 361A PHAN XICH LONG STREET, WARD 3, PHU
NHUAN DISTRICT, HO CHI MINH CITY
OCT 2015  JAN 2017
NANAKIDS STORE |KID WOOD FURNITURE| 128 CONG HOA
STREET, WARD 4, TAN BINH DISTRICT, HO CHI MINH CITY
JAN 2017  MAY 2017
 EDUCATION
Major: Valuation
 WORK EXPERIENCE
Collaborator
+ Job descriptions and reponsibilities:  Setting up market survey via means of media such as cellphone, social network ..  Recording the personal interviews, feedbacks from customers then analyze it and give the
strategies for customers  Working as a member of a team to contact, invite comsumer to take part in the survey to
get the information of product as customer 's requirement  Collecting the data from the market about consumer 's demand, market share, marketing
method ...
Store manager
+ Job descriptions and reponsibilities:  Selling cakes at the shop and giving suggestion for some customers having the demand for
specially custom cakes and delivery it to their homes.  Observing the processing orders then notify them to product department in order to make
sure that the cakes will be delivered on time.  Taking full advantage of special time which can bring handsome income for company such
as Noel, Valentine day, Woman 's day ... to make appropriate daily order for the store.  Applying the product promotion, decor the store along with bandroll, standee according to
marketing plan.  Checking the quality and quantity of daily order  Arranging the employee shift and address unpredicted situations of staffs  Making schedule for monthly facilitate maintenance to work efficiently and minimize
productively the unexpected expenditures.  Keeping the store alwasys clean and bright.  Creating innovative, supportive work environment and giving staffs responsibility to help
each other because of the store revenue which is about 300 million VND/month.  Making daily, weekly, monthly detail report to direct manager and analyzing the revenue,
expenditure, the number of customers, the merit and demerit of the best/worst cake and give
the solutions for the problems.  Assessing employee competencies and skills accurately at the end of month and training
new staffs properly.
Store manager
+ Job descriptions and reponsibilities:  Selling and consulting carefully for comsumers about wood furniture for children such as
bunk bed, crib, wardrobe... at the store. 
 13/02/1993
 Male
 +84 167 404 0410
 phuoctran132@gmail.com

324 Nguyễn Xi Street, Ward
13, Binh Thanh District, Ho Chi
Minh city

https://www.facebook.com/1
32.bee.small
SKILLS
English proficiency (IELTS 6.0)
Computer proficiency (Excel skills)
Teamwork
Planning and organizing
Trần Văn Phước
Trần Văn Phước
13/02/1993  Making the rule and working process for store .  Arranging the employee shift and addressing unpredicted situations of staffs.  Catching up on the the most conspicuous trend of wood furniture to give adequate,
appropriate advice for customer.  Utilizing the advantage of every kinds of product to train new staff and convey it to buyer.  Developing store culture and supportive work environment to make sure the stability of
monthly average revenue   Supporting marketing department about the decoration at the shop and give some
solutions such as discount for special days, golden hour, vip member, which can boost the
income and bring huge profit for company.  Making schedule for monthly facilitate maintenance to work efficiently and minimize
productively the unexpected expenditures.  Paying attention to delivery schedule, contact to warehouse to guarantee the package will
be transported punctually.  Reporting to direct manager about daily, monthly, weekly revenue, profit and expenditure,
observe and studying about the factors which increase/decrease the monthly income then
find appropriate method to solve the problem.  Ensuring the monthly average revenue ranging from 400 million vnd/month to 500 million
vnd/month.  Assessing employee competencies and skills accurately at the end of month.
© topcv.vn
