CURRICULUM VITAE   
PERSONAL DATA: 
Full Name: Do Nguyen Trung Dung 
Address: 45/29 Tran Thai Tong, F15, QTB, TP.HCM 
Telephone Mobile: 0976 650 613 
Email: dungbme10@gmail.com 
Marital Status:  Single 
Date of Birth:  16/04/1992  
Gender: Male 
Present Nationality: Viet Nam  
Languages: Vietnamese  English 
EDUCATION: 
Bachelor’s degree, Biomedical Engineering, International University – Vietnam National 
University, 2010  2015 
Working as Lab research assistance role 
o Conducting experiment protocol for bio data measurement. 
o Handle and analyze bio data from patients (MRI, FNIRS, ECG, EMG, etc.) 
o Writing scientific paper for conference at university level. 
o Working on various machine learning and other statistical analysis methods. 
WORK HISTORY:  
Software Engineer, Splus Software, 11/2015-12/2016 (1 year) 
Working in variety of outsourcing projects in with main targets are Japanese and 
Singapore customers. 
Mostly working for web base applications, Android mobile and .NET.   
Design and Implement database interface. 
Software Engineer, RBVN – Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solution, 2/2017 – now 
(1 year 8 months) 
Responsible for implementing and maintenance backend web base API, integration 
with other third party modules within cooperation (ALM and Jenkins).  
Research and implement ElaticSearch NoSql base storage engine for improve query 
performance and visualization for data monitoring. 
Experience with big data architecture system like ELK stack. 
Communication with Indian and Germany teams for getting and analyzing customer’s 
requirement. 
Technical support for internal customers.  
Achievement: Top performance for individual employee  year 2018. 
Skills: 
Java, Python, javascripts (jquery, angular, backbone, etc). 
Experience with populaer python libraries : Numpy, Pandas, OpenCV, Scikit-learn, etc  
Experience with Machine learning framework like TensorFlow, Pytorch, Keras  
Proficient coding ability and machine learning skill set with experience working with AI 
module related to Computer vision, Natural language processing.  
Experiencing with source control system (Git-SVN). 
Main Projects: 
Objects-Vehicle detection:  
Built application to find and show location of vehicles from input image based on state of 
the art YOLO algorithm with allow for real time vehicle tracking.  
Enhance model performance base on pre-train VGG16 deep learning model, regulation 
method like dropout layer, normalization, and RELU activation between layers.  
Adam gradient use for learning rate scaling and accumulating gradient momentum allow 
efficient gradient stepping update and fast convergence.  
Sequence to Sequence architecture:  
Appling for chatbot, sentences translation, article summary, etc application. 
Gate network architect (GRU, LSTM) for handling vanishing gradient.  
Word embedding (Word2Vec) model for vectorising representation of sentence, words.  
Attention mechanism being applied to deal with long input sentences sequences.  
Image caption: Built application allow computer understand context of different input images. 
Using state of the art RESNET 50 model as image feature extraction allowing faster training, 
combine with word embedding layer to feed forward to LSTM model and generate image 
description. 
Others machine learning project related to regression, classification, ensemble learning.  
Several freelancer projects related to web application and real time cryptocurrency trading. 
TRAINING AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT: 
Artificial Intelligent Training Organize by RBVH with 7 sections long, Bach Khoa 
University of technology, last from 1-2018 to 4-2018. 
Convolutional Neural Network, deeplearning.ai, by Andrew Ng. Complete all course’s project 
and quizzes. 
Sequence Model, deeplearning.ai, by Andrew Ng. Complete all course’s project and quizzes. 
