CURRICULUM VITAE 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
Full  name 
TON NU HOANG VI  
Date of birth  
May 8th 1993 
Place of birth  
Binh Dinh province 
Gender 
Female 
Mobile 
0126 5044 706 
Email  
tonnuhoangvi@gmail.com 
Address 
60/3G Trung Chanh Ward, Hoc Mon District, HCM City 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
Become C++ Developer or Tester in a professional environment. 
Working in fields which improve my knowledge and experience of  Programming, 
Algorithm Analysis. 
Passion for researching in highly applications projects. 
Work in a dynamic and professional environment to master the English language. 
Improve knowledge, experience and skills to perfect myself to contribute to the success 
of your company. 
EDUCATION 
2011- 2015: Sai Gon University  Faculty of Mathematics and Applications. 
Major in Applied Mathematics. 
GPA:  7.68 
Toeic 530 
Member in ICIP LAB (University of Science-HCM City) 
2008 – 2011:  Studied at Nguyen Cong Tru School in Go Vap District, HCM city. 
QUALIFICATION & KNOWLEDGES 
Basic Programming Skill about Matlab, C/C++, .NET (C#), SQL, Testing, HTML, PHP. 
Knowledge about Mathematics, Data Structure, OOP, Algorithm Analysis, Artificial 
Intelligence. 
PERSONAL CHARACTERISTICS 
Good communication skill. 
Teamwork skill: good at listening, learning, sharing, developing and working together to 
achieve objective. 
Capability of managing time and working under high pressure. 
Friendliness, carefulness, responsibility, honesty and optimistic. 
Ready to learn and eager to 
INTERESTS 
Reading book, magazines, story and discussing with friends. 
Listening music, watching cartoon. 
TAKEN PROJECTS 
Projects 
1. Analyze and 
design of 
information 
system (Subject 
Project) 
Use  the  C#  programming  language associated  with  management  
system database  Microsoft  SQL  Server 2008. 
Results:  allow  users  manage the  basic  information,  basic  and 
advance searching . 
2. Computer 
Graphics (Group 
Project) 
Development of the course is to simulate the solar system 
Using the C ++ programming language combined with OpenGL. 
Result: the basic simulation solar system includes the Sun and five 
planets. Each planet rotation axis and its own orbit. Perform the 
following functions: moves the zoom in, zoom out, switch views, 
covered for each planet textures, changing the speed of rotation. 
3. Bachelor thesis 
(from August 
2014 to June 
2015) 
The system supports monitoring, evaluation of children’s health 
status and forcast their height combined nutrition 
We implemented a system that assists parents to monitor the 
development of their children. Our system allows users track the 
heights and weights of a child since he was born up to adulthood, 
predict his age of puberty and provide nutritional advice. Particularly, 
it predicts the heights in near future (3 months and 1 year following) 
and the adult stature. 
Group 2 person. 
Using  the  Matlab version 2012A. 
In this project, I collected data, implemented the algorithm of 
monitoring the height and weight, predicting the height and the time 
of puberty. 
REFEREES 
Professor  PhD Pham The Bao 
Thesis Supervisor 
Faculty of Math and Computer Science, University of Science of HCM City 
Email:   ptbao@hcmus.edu.vn 
I confirm that the information above is true and  accurate to the best of my knowledge . 
