UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE
SEP 2013  SEP 2018
FREELANCE
SEP 2017  SEP 2018
NATIONAL UNIVERSITY NETWORK CENTER
JUN 2017  SEP 2017
Objective  Try to learn as much as possible and do my best in order to accomplish my
task.  To have good environment and opportunities to get promotion in my job.  Develop my skills with development of company to bring the best product.
From that, I want to prove myself.
 Education
Bachelor of Science in Physics
Major: Physics and Computer Science
Good
 Work Experience
Freelancer  Read and find the project documentation for general information about the
product.  Create test requirement, and test case for the product.  Update test requirement and test case when there is a change in
requirement or design of the product.  Test the product on many different devices.  Contribute ideas to build and improve products.  Reproduce, analyze and report the error.  Regression test to check all bugs and update bug's status.
Achievements and skills gained:  Improve self learning and self handling.  Observe, learn and catch request better and faster.  Get more experiment for myself.  Improve English Reading Skill.
Trainee
Main responsibilities:  Learn Linux, Zabbix andNOC (network operation center) monitoring system.  Edit interface for NOC system.  Optimize Databases for the system.  Perform load testing of some web pages using the Jmeter tool.  Execute the Jmeter samplers: JMS Point-to-Point, JMS Publisher, JMS
Subcriber, JSR223 Sampler, Junit Request, LDAP Extended Request, LDAP
 June 09, 1995
 Female
 0968790025
 vdhien9695@gmail.com
 168/7 Bui Van Ba, Tan
Thuan Dong Ward,
District 7, HCMC.

https://www.facebook.c
om/kirivu9695
SKILLS
Carefulness
Logical thinking and creative
Public Speaking
Self learning
Under pressure at work
Responsibility
INTERESTS
Travel
Badminton
Short run
Surf the internet
Vũ Dịu Hiền
Vũ Dịu Hiền
TESTER, QC
UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE
2013   2017
RUN FOR THE HEART
2015   2017
SELF-ORGANIZED VOLUNTEER GROUP
2016   2018
COLOR ME RUN
MAY 2018  MAY
2018
"LogiGear Certified Test Professional I" Certificate with
score 9.0 issued by the Computer Science Center and
LogiGear Vietnam.
2017
During the learning, I received some honors as “Student 5
good”, Lighting dream Scholarship.
2013 2018
Request. (Test it on the different environments, set up the server, test run 
samples to see the parameters, how to config, what the errors occur when
config, how to fix).
Recognition and Gains:  Responsibility for each task.  Enhance self-learning and problem resolving.  Get more knowledge about computer networks, especially learning and
applying the Jmeter tool.
 Activities
Participant  Participate in school activities such as green roads, earth day, cooking
vegetarian meals at the pagoda and distributing to the poor, visiting and
cleaning the martyrs cemetery, taking care of elderly people. 
Volunteers  Run 5km and donate to raise funds for the poor children that are in need to
receive heart surgeries across Vietnam.  Event is organized annually by Gamuda Land (HCMC) JSC in collaboration
with Heartbeat Vietnam Foundation.
Representative  Give charity meals every month 1-2 times and holidays to the homeless.  Gather gifts and distribute them to the poor and people in difficult
circumstances.  Share, care and help each other.  Encourage people to have a more optimistic view about life.
Volunteers  The combination of fun and sport activities.  Sharing, learning, exchanging and exploring new life experiences from
program participants.
 Certifications
 Achievements
Play game
© topcv.vn
