Ho Quang Tri 
3 Phung Van Cung Street, 2 Ward, Phu Nhuan District, HCMC. 
Personal Information: 
Career Objective:  
The desired location: Become a good manager in the field of Web Programming.  
Job status: Full time.  
Type of employment: Team Leader, Senior, T/A. 
Education:  
2000-2006: University of Science Ho Chi Minh City (Faculty of Mathematics and 
Computer Science).  
2005-2006: School of Foreign Language  Computer New Age – IDC (Website 
Programming and Design).  
2009: Training Center Network Technology CISNET (ActionScript 
Programming). 
Skills:  
Solid background knowledge of PHP_MYSQL.  
Solid background knowledge of OOP, MVC in PHP.  
Solid background knowledge of Javascript, Jquery, Ajax.  
Solid background knowledge of HTML, HTML5, CSS3, XML.  
Solid background knowledge of Flash – ActionScript.  
Excellent understanding of OOD, OOP and Design Patterns.  
Experience in using GIT, SVN, Redmine, Gila.  
More than 8 years in the position: Developer, Team Lead, Technical Lead and 
Technical support.  
Expert experience in Apache, HHVM, Load balancer or web server installing and 
configuration in Linux, Ubutu, CentOS.  
Expert experience in configuration chef-solo, knife-solo cookbooks, capistrano.  
Knowledge and practice of object-oriented Javascript programming.  
Full name: Ho Quang Tri.  
DOB: 21/03/1982.  
POB: Khanh Hoa.  
Marital status: Single.  
Mobile: (+84) 1698 33 21 91.  
Email: trihq.gentleman@gmail.com.  
Extensive experience as a professional engineer, building and maintaining web 
applications from concept to production.  
Experience working in an Agile environment.  
Experience designing relational databases and queries.  
Have experience with task planning and estimating effort.  
Good at team working, supporting and sharing knowledge in team.  
Good at problem solving.  
Quick and willing to study for a new technology.  
Experience working with open source frameworks like Zend, CakePHP, 
Codelgniter, FuelPHP, Phalcon... Especially with the Zend Framework, has five 
years of service.  
Experience working with social network. 
Desired Salary: 1500$  2000$. 
Experience record:  
06/2006 – 06/2007: Thuan Phat Company (PHP programming).  
07/2007 – 09/2008: 4PSOFT Company (PHP programming).  
o At Thuan Phat & 4PSOFT: Build web administrator system, implement 
the projects (customize back-end and implement front-end) for customer 
(code PHP-MySQL, JS, HTML & CSS), research and build the modules 
for website.  
10/2008 – 04/2010: Truong Tho Company (Technical Lead – PHP & 
ActionScript programming).  
05/2010 – 10/2011: Tinh Te Company (Technical Lead – PHP & ActionScript 
programming). 
o At Truong Tho & Tinh Te: Research Zend Framework and build the web 
system with Zend Framework.  
o Research and build the component as libraries extension in ZF. 
o  Analysis and design database for the projects. 
o  Research and find the best solutions to solve critical problems – ex: when 
building a social network, there will arise the problems and how to solved 
it.  
o Support team to solve problems (PHP, HTML/CSS, JS, ActionScript). 
o Code ActionScript (audio player, video player…).  
10/2011 – 12/2012: IOMeida (Teachnical Lead & Product Manager). IO is the 
company working about Media and Digital Marketing. 
o Manage product: working with customer and account team to get idea and 
then write the requirements and design the mockup.  
o Working with design team to design layout. 
o Working with supplier to implement the product. 
o Working with technical team and account team to test product from 
supplier. 
o Working with customer to test product. 
o Support team and customer to get a good idea or solve the problems.  
01/2013 – 03/2014: USS Corporation (Leader). 
o Manage team (dev + design + QA). 
o General document for project. 
o Research and support team to working on project (dev & QA). 
o Research new technical and support team to implement new technical. 
o Research and find the best solutions to solve critical problems. 
o Analysis and design database for the projects (work with dev).  
03/2014 – present: Evolable Asia company (senior developer and support 
technical) 
o Building website system allows to create and manage events for more than 
12 major customers in Japan include: creation of games such as lotteries, 
scratch cards ... and manage users as well as necessary information 
required by customer require. 
o Management, maintenance and repair 2 website of online sales. 
o Development of the system API web services. 
o Developing additional features for clients. 
o Installing and configuration web server include: Apache, HHVM, PHP, 
MySQL, Postgresql, Mail server, Memcache, Load Balancer… 
o Support technical for team members. 
o Support for customer services department. 
Recent projects which I have been involved:  
http://aucfan.com/  
http://www.wholesale-cart.com/  
http://www.btob-market.com/ 
