Page 1/3 
TRAN THI THU TRANG 
276/129 Thong Nhat Street, Ward 16, Go Vap District, Ho Chi Minh City. 
Mobile: (+84)976262467 
Email: thtrang0106@gmail.com 
Data Science Engineer 
SUMMARY OF SKILLS 
Eager to absorb new knowledge and new technologies. 
Good knowledge of business services and the ability to execute jobs successfully. 
Innovative, accept the challenge myself with new technology 
To desire to apply knowledge of data analysis, organizational management, big 
data techniques to forecast business models, product recommend and behavior 
customer. 
Excellent problem solving, organizational, and communication skills. 
Conducted meetings and prepared design-specific project presentations and 
reports creative. 
Strong decision-making power, high responsibility and ability to perform crisis 
management in unprecedented situations. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
June 2006 – 2008: Consultant and Planning Engineering, Planning Department, FPT 
Telecom. 
The Planning Division is a main division of Infrastructure Development Centre in FPT 
Telecom South.   
Receive, summarize requirements of the infrastructure development requirements 
from divisions, branches and report to manager.  
Describe working process, activity diagram, collaboration in Divisions of the 
Infrastructure Development Centre to R&D’s developer includes interview staff. 
Consult, analyse, design interface draft, propose solutions, cooperate with R & D 
for the Planning program (drafts demo) 
Represent Divisions of the Infrastructure Development Centre send requests to 
R&D so that they can create login permission to the Planning Program.  
Page 2/3 
Training the representative in Divisions of the Infrastructure Development Centre 
to use Planning Program. 
Receive feedback from the representative in Divisions of the Infrastructure 
Development Centre. If the Planning Program have errors, I will feedback R&D (after 
R&D coding).   
Receive and manage infrastructure planning Documents such as the Design 
Drawing of the Infrastructure Development Division, the Technical Drawing of the 
System Engineering Division, Material lists of the Material Division. 
Keep track schedule of divisions of Infrastructure Development Centre in FPT 
Telecom South. 
Report the progress of implementing the telecommunication infrastructure 
development planning to the Head of the Infrastructure Planning Division, the 
Board Director of the Infrastructure Development Centre, the Board Director of FPT 
Telecom South , General Director of FPT Telecom South . 
Feb 2009 – Present: Full-stack Technician, Ministry of Public Sercurity, Viet Nam. 
Supervise and exploit information systems. 
Statistic with Big data and SQL Server Administrator. 
Always expert in the Technical and specialized major of Public Security. 
AWARDS & ACHIEVEMENTS 
In 2014, President of the Socialist Republic of Viet Nam award “Modal for Security 
Nation” Third class. 
ADDITIONAL SKILLS 
Technical and computing skill 
Attended Coursera course: Big data, Machine Learning, business analyst… 
Attended Amazon workshops when Amazon promote new product strategies. 
Improve English Skills and open communication  
Dec 2015 – Aug 2017 
Co-founder and administrator English Club   
Page 3/3 
TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE 
Software: Language/Tool 
Language/Tool 
Skill Level 
SQL Server 
Good experiences 
BPMN 2.0 
Good experiences 
Tableau 2018.1 
Good experiences 
Enterprise Architect  
Good experiences 
Rational Rose 
Good experiences 
UML 
Good experiences 
Data Visualization 
Good experiences 
Oracle 9i/10g 
Good experiences 
C#, VB.net 
Good experiences 
C/C++ 
Good experiences 
Python, ASP.net 
Have knowledge 
Spark, Hadoop 
Have knowledge 
Machine Learning 
Have knowledge 
Data Mining 
Have knowledge 
Data warehouse 
Have knowledge 
SPSS 
Good 
Java, Javascrift, XML, 
HTML 
Have knowledge 
Unix/ Linux 
Have knowledge 
Photoshop 
Good 
EDUCATION 
Master of Management Information Systems, Computer Science Department, 
Bach Khoa University (I will graduate in 2019). 
Bachelor of Management Information Systems, Information Technology 
Department, Van Hien University, May 2006. 
LANGUAGES 
English  
Japanese  Beginner 
Vietnamese  Native  
