 
HA NGUYEN DIEP 
01/01/1995  Male 
An My – Hoai An – Binh Dinh 
(+84) 988905304  hanguyendiep@gmail.com 
Education      Da Nang University of Science and Technology 
Faculty of Center of Excellence 
Major in: Embedded System 
GPA: 3.28 
Date of Graduation: August 2018 
Skills           Ability to use different programming languages: C/C++, Python, C# (Window application form)   
and Verilog. 
Ability to use some softwares: 
Simulating/Designing electric circuit: Altium Designer, Protues 
Hardware discription of digital circuits and simulation: ModelSim, Quatus 
Others: Matlab, Solidwork, Microsoft Visual Studio 
Basic knowledge on: Electric circuits, Electronics, Microcontroller (AVR, MSP430, ARM), 
Microprocessors, Linux Driver, Digital Circuits and Digital Systems, Microprocessor System 
Design, Computer Architecture, Feedback and Control Theory, Digital Signal Processing, 
Machine Learning. 
Having accomplished courses: Leadership, Project Management, Technical Writing and 
Communication Skills. 
Ability to use English in both work and communication. Certificate of IELTs band 6.0. 
Work            Intership at eSilicon Company in Da Nang City, Vietnam      
January 2018 – May 2018 
Experience    Design a high speed Delay looked loop (DLL) in TSMC 28nm: an electronic circuit is used to  
synchronize an output signal by generating necessary delay for clock signal. 
Work in a team of 2 members 
Study and improve the previous DLL version in both circuit and layout. 
Research      Smart Lighting System:  
December 2014 – April 2015 
Experience   Using microcontroller MSP430G2553 with some sensors to control automatically the  
lighting system. 
Work in a team of 3 members. 
The device can turn on/off the lights as detecting movements in a certain area. 
Air Pollution Monitoring System: 
November 2015 – May 2016 
Collecting information of surroundings including temperature, dust, SOx, COx, calculate AQI  
(an air quality index) to show how polluted the air currently is. 
Work in a team of 5 members. 
The device can connect to other devices at different places to draw spectrum map on web 
which displays the AQI index. 
Give warning about levels of pollution on both web and applications on smartphone. 
Predicted water quality through fish’s response using machine    
learning:   
January 2017 – May 2017 
Analyzing, identifying, recognizing fish’s habit in water environment to predict the  
quality of water (normal or abnormal). 
Work in team of 4 members. 
Work primarily on Matlab with given data about movements of fish in both normal and 
abnomal water enviroment. 
Extracting attributions, training and comparing the obtained results at both methods: 
Artificial Neural Network and Support Vector Machine. 
