CURRICULUM VITAE 
Lê Duy Ngữ 
Java Developer 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Name:             Mr.      LÊ DUY NGỮ 
Address:                      120/74/29F. Tan Tien – Bien Hoa – Dong Nai Province. 
Mobile:                        0948 264 231 
Email:                         nguleduy@gmail.com 
Place of birth:              Bien Hoa  Dong Nai 
Birthday:                     05/12/1989 
Nationality:                  Viet Nam 
Identification No:          271960647 
Issued at:                    Bien Hoa – Dong Nai 

SUMMARY 
Try to learning as much as possible and doing my best in order to accomplish my task. 
To have a good opportunities to get promotion in my job. 
Improve my skills with development of company. 
Have knowledge and experience in working with Java. 
Experience as full stack developer. 
Good English speaking/listening and understand reading English. 
Core responsibilities: implement coding. 
EDUCATION 
2009  0 8 / 2 0 1 3 : Bachelor degree of Industrial University of Ho Chi Minh City. 
06/2015: Fresher certification of FPT software in HCM City. 
LANGUAGE SKILLS 
English
2/3 
COMPUTER SKILLS 
Offices: Word, Excel, Power Point. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Programming Languages: Java. 
Scripting Languages: HTML, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS. 
Frameworks/ Platforms:Spring. 
Database Management Systems: SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle. 
IDEs: Eclipse, Net Beans. 
Operating Systems: Windows. 
Foreign Languages: English. 
Soft Skills: Problem solving, communication, listening-speaking-reading-writing in English. Positive 
attitude, teamwork & self-learning skills. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
01/2012 – 07/2013: 
Attend FPT as Java developer (intership). 
Project Description: Building commercial, management projects, fix bug. 
Team size: 8 
Responsibilities: 
Support the team leader on technical analysis to provide the best technical solution as well as 
support colleagues for solving technical issues to complete the assigned projects/ tasks on 
timely manner. 
Technologies: Java, JSP/Servlet, JavaScript, SQL, Spring MVC, Hibernate, JQuery, HTML/CSS. 
2/2015 – 3/2015: 
Attend Java Fresher Program at  FPT (study about Software development process, Spring 
MVC and have Mock project). 
Project Description: Web simulates ATM System. 
Team size: 4 
Responsibilities: 
Analyze business. 
Develop functions: input ATM card, authentication and withdraw money. 
Technologies: Spring MVC, JDBC, JSP/Servlet, HTML/CSS, JavaScript. 
3/2015 – 04/2016: 
Project Name: CORE 
Project Description: This project is to maintain/develop new features for core system (violation 
management system, account management system, dashboard system, report system …) used in 
electronic toll collection system. 
The solid Toll Collection solution has been being developed and maintained for various toll 
authorities across the country.
3/3 
Firstly, FPT started working on independent module of the CORE solution that was Reporting 
Solution module. 
Data Warehouse/Data Mart Testing with a team. The duration was 6 months. 
Crystal Report Development with a team. The duration was 6 months. 
In the 2nd phase, the client and FPT established a long term Offshore Development Center 
(ODC) where FPT has been deeply involving in development and maintenance for the clients’ 
CORE solution. 
A team in mid-Sep 2010 attended a training course at the client location, and the ODC started 
the development from Oct 2010 with onsite/offshore working model to customize the CORE 
Solution for most of client’s end-users. 
Currently the ODC has +80 people involving in various sections of the client such as new module 
development, report development, data warehouse testing, defect resolution, production support. 
ODC is providing the following services to the client: 
Maintenance for the existing systems. 
Provides the development service for new features for current Core system for various. 
Clients of customer in Washington, Georgia, Miami and currently is North Texas. 
Performing testing for customer’s data warehouse system. 
Reporting solution. 
Responsibilities: Developer (Bug fixing, development crystal and oracle report, development 
java). 
Team size: +80 people 
Technologies: Java 1.5, J2EE, Oracle 10g, 11g; Crystal Report, Oracle Report 10g, Spring, 
Windows and Linux platforms, HTML/CSS, JavaScript. 
05/2016 – 12/2016: 
Project Name: TEVEX 
Project Description: TEVEX is a web application for trucks management that allows fleet operators 
to calculate optimized routes as well as distance and cost for TEVEX’s trucks, track positions of the 
trucks on a map and compare it to planed route for making report if there is any deviation. 
Responsibilities: Development 
Team size: +10 person 
Technologies: Java, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, SVN. 
01/2017 – now:  
Attend Evolable Asia as Java developer. 
Project Name: KIKAN 
Project Description: KIKAN is a web application for transporting products management that allows 
drivers operators to calculate, collect products as well as distance and cost for every driver, beside 
that the collected products will be sale on that web application. 
Responsibilities: Development 
Team size: +2 person 
Technologies: Java, Spring, Hibernate, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Jquery, Git, MySQL. 
Project Name: BI 
Project Description: using Pentaho BI to create products which provide data integration, OLAP 
services, reporting, information dashboards, data mining and extract, transform, load (ETL) 
capabilities. 
Responsibilities: Development 
Team size: +2 person 
Technologies: Pentaho, JavaScript, PostgresDB. 
4/3 
MILITARY 
09/2013 – 01/2015: District 9 – Ho Chi Minh City. 
INTERESTES & HOBBITS 
Music, Football. 
