 
Hoang Pham 
ODC Deputy Manager 
Current Employer  
DiCentral Vietnam Co., Ltd. 
Previous Employer 
LacViet Computing Corp. 
Cellphone  
(84) 903-784-668 
Email 
phamdachoang@yahoo.com 
Skype  
phamdachoang 
Contact Info 
Vietnamese name 
Pham Dac Hoang 
Gender :  
Male 
Address: 
254 Phan Huy Ich St, Go Vap D, HCMcity, VN 
Passport ID: 
B0758128 
LinkedIn: 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/hoang-pham- 
a1813126/ 
Offshore Development Center Deputy Manager 
Proven Technical & Management Expertise in Career Spanning 14+ Years 
Summary Information 
14+ years of extensive experience Technical Management, Project 
Management, Process management & Software Programming  
Over 10 years of experience in software outsourcing services and software 
product development for US, Canada and Asia markets 
6+ years of experience on Offshore Development Center Management. 
Strong experience in system analyses, design and develop for distributed 
systems, multi-tier systems and SOA/ SaaS applications for.NET platforms with 
complex integration workflows. 
Manage technical staff in the delivery of technical capabilities across multiple 
features and maintain responsibility for quality delivery on time and under 
budget. 
Managed complex RFPs responses Managed EDI service, system 
integration...) in terms of gathering information, architecting the solution and 
compiling the SOW / BOQ, and providing the Technical / Business responses 
Software development operations management consulting, especially for zero 
process organizations. 
Be the design authority for customer oriented, cost effective solutions. 
Responsible for the coordination, delivery, and quality of presales technology 
solution deliverables within the deal which may include items such as 
configurations, architectural diagrams, and proposals. 
Provide DiCentral Product training to the Asia Business Partners/ 
VARS/Resellers.  
Interested in challenging integration projects and coming up with eBusiness 
strategies/ ideas to provide a company with a competitive edge to gain 
additional global market shares 
Ambitious, self-motivated, and goal-oriented individual with a passion for 
automating processes to minimize operational cost 
Objectives: 
Be an expert in supply chain analysis 
Become a solutions driver who bridges the gap between business and 
technology with expertise in managing complex programs and multiple 
concurrent projects 
Detail Information: 
Education & Training 
TIME 
COLLEGE 
TRAINER / 
DEPARTMENT 
CERTIFICATE 
3/2012 
Management Quality 
Institute 
Management Quality 
Institute 
Project Management Professional 
(PMBOK4) 
9/2011 
PACE Institute of 
Directors 
PACE Institute of 
Directors 
Management for Middle Manager 
1/2009 
University of Natural 
Sciences 
University of Natural 
Sciences 
Object Oriented Analysis and Design 
with UML 
7/2007 
Microsoft 
Microsoft 
Microsoft Certified Business 
Management Solutions Specialist  in 
Trade and Logistic 
2/2002 – 
2004 
National University  
Information Technology 
Department 
June, 2004 
1997 – 2002 
University of Natural 
Sciences 
Physics Department 
Bachelor in Physics  
Technical Summary 
Programming language & Frameworks: 
C#, ASP.NET, VB.NET, ASP.NET, MSMQ, COM/DCOM, WCF, WF, .NET 
platform, Restful/SOAP Web services 
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)/ Accounting Systems / eCommerce: 
On- Premise: SAP B1, Peachtree , Microsoft Dynamics AX, GP, NAV, Acomba 
Cloud ERP: Quick Books, Net Suite 
eCommerce: Amazon, eBay, Magento, Shopify, Xero, WordPress 
Development Tools/Components 
DevExpress, MS Enterprise Library, XML, Crystal Report, UML, Eclipse, TFS, 
VSS, CVS, SVN, JIRA, Rational Software Modeler, Microsoft Visio, NUnit,  
Database 
SQL Server, My SQL, Oracle, No DB, Mongo DB 
Management  Process/ Metrology/Framework: 
RUP, Agile, Scrum, CMMi, PMBOK 4 
Other Skills: 
Architectural Patterns (n-Tiers, SOA, MVC/MVP, SaaS) 
Business Domains: 
Logistics / Transportation / Supply Chain 
Inventory / Warehousing (3PL/ CFS/ Bonded WH) 
Scan & Pack and Scan & Verify processes 
Vendor/ Supplier Management 
Account Payable / Account Receivable / General Ledger 
Customer Relationship Management (CRM) 
Material Requirements Planning (MRP) / Manufacturing 
Fulfillment process 
Human Resource Management / Talent Management 
Data Marts, Business Intelligence 
X12 EDI transactions for Supply Chains & EDIFACT transactions for Ocean 
Freight Shipping 
Automotive 
Foreign Languages 
Language 
Communicate 
Read 
Write 
English 
Good 
Good 
Good 
French 
Average 
Average 
Average 
Professional Experience Summary 
Date 
Company Name 
Position 
Reference 
1/2011 – present 
DiCentral Co Ltd 
Offshore 
Development Center 
Deputy Manager 
+ http://DiCentral.com 
+ Mr. Hung Le –Project  
Manager – 098.388.8422 
7/2006 – 2010  
DiCentral Co Ltd 
Project Leader 
+ http://DiCentral.com 
+ Mr. Bang Vu –Project  
Manager  090.803.4233 
3/2005 – 7/2006 
Lac Viet Computing 
Corp 
C#, Axapta Technical 
Team Leader 
+ http://www.lacviet.com.vn 
1/2004 – 2/2005 
World Soft 
NET Developer 
http://worldsoft.com 
Professional Experience: 
Offshore Development Center Deputy Manager 
DiCentral, From Jan, 2011 – Now 
Acting as Program Manager of Offshore Development Center which is providing 
Supply Chains products for 30000 global Hubs/Vendors and being responsible 
for the following accounts: 
1. Presales Solution Architect, provide Solution Support to Business Partners 
and DiCentral Asia office (India, Japan, China, Vietnam)  
2. Operations & Process management 
3. Managing Outsource Projects 
4. Product/Project Oversight and Program Management for Supply Chain 
products and ERP/Accounting Integration Projects 
Presales Solution Architect 
Assisted sales organization in pre-sales technical capacity with business analysis 
and acted as a liaison between sales & development department. 
Received information from all necessary stakeholders within the customer's firm 
to provide technical solutions and suitable support to convince client's technical 
decision-maker. 
Provide Product training to the Business Partners/ VARS/Resellers.  
Responsible for the coordination, delivery, and quality of presales technology 
solution deliverables which may include items such as business solutions, 
architectural diagrams, and proposals 
Ensures that proposed solutions/technical solutions, when implemented, meet the 
needs and functional requirements of the customers 
Support for complex RFPs responses in terms of gathering information, 
architecting the solution and compiling the SOW / BOQ.  
Biggest deal: support DiCentral Japanese win a 12 million USD contract to 
deploy a Host To  Host Payment System & a Service Bureau for Bank of Tokyo 
Mitsubishi UFJ & other Mega Banks in Japan. 
Operation & Process Management 
Manage a division of 20 software development teams (total 120+ headcounts 
including PM/PL/ TLs, TA, BA,SE & QCs)  
Plan, direct, and coordinate all daily activities associated with writing software.  
Successfully deploy Project Server & Timesheet system to share project visibilities 
to internal stake holders & customers. 
Training/ coaching important domains/ Products such as EDI, ERP systems, 
Supply Chains, Logistics, Inventory to new hired PMs/Leaders.  
Define customized project management processes (Agile/ CMMI/ Customized 
Development processes)  
Ensure the development teams are practicing the core agile principles of 
collaboration; prioritization, team accountability, and visibility; 
Review resource plan/ workload/ capacity/ availability of each team project to 
ensure that the production resources are allocated and planned effectively  
Build knowledge management system (integrated with TFS) to keep track technical 
skills/ business domains (Talent Management) to support Management Board 
selecting suitable/relevant resources when initiating new projects. 
Build project historical data (through case studies/ best practices) 
Define Key Performance Index  KPIs and collect performance data to evaluate the 
performance of the department / team / projects. 
Oversight Outsourced projects 
Support teams to design/review software architecture, system analysis, system 
integration models, classify project risks & risk solving plans. 
Help the team to translate business requirements to technical requirements using 
Unified Modeling Language (UML /Visio) 
Drive team through entire deployment process of various e-commerce web 
applications/ Enterprise applications for Vietnamese customers such as Sai Gon 
New Port, Daikin (E-Warranty, Bingo, etc.), Metro (Cloud Web EDI system 
Responsible for outsourced project management/ up-sales projects within the time 
limit and under budget. 
Provide consistent quality of our project deliverables through the definition and 
continuous improvement of system, processes and methodologies 
Major Successful Projects (The top 3 biggest): 
Project 
Remark 
Customer 
Ocean EDI 
Terminal 
Provide Sai Gon New Port a cloud platform to perform all 
Electronic Data Interchange (“EDI”) services for the Port 
Authority’s Container Terminals. The Port Authority will collect 
and produce EDI messages (BAYPLAN, CODECO, COREOR, 
etc.) of many types to and from multiple entities. These entities 
include but may not be limited to 44 shipping lines and their 
agents (ACL, OCL, CMA, CNC, DEL, EMC, HJC, KLL, etc.) to 
Vietnam Customs and Border Protection, stevedores, trucking 
companies, and chassis providers. 
Sai Gon New 
Port 
DiWMS 
DIWMS is a complete solution for managing CFS Warehouse, 
Inventory, and EDI Integration, helps Sai Gon New Port to 
reduce ~ 40% effort for inventory on-going operation. 
Integrated with TOPOVN, TOPX systems, WMSVN also helps 
to reduce the dwell time and increase the performance of the 
whole port. 
Sai Gon New 
Port 
Medifr 
A platform for healthcare providers across multiple practices, 
facilities, and organizations to collaborate on patient care. It 
starts from the core provider-to-provider transaction, the 
referral of patients from a physician to a specialty 
DVRS Health 
Solutions 
Product/ Project & Program Management 
Owned the entire development cycle for the products, from idea stage to 
completion & delivery. 
Maintained roadmap for R& D solutions. 
Supported internal & external stake holders with product strategy, content, vision 
and participated actively with a pragmatic approach supporting sales, marketing & 
delivery & support. 
Worked with integration & delivery teams to ensure successful implementation of 
software solutions within my influence 
Provide consistent quality of our product deliverables through the definition and 
continuous improvement of system, processes and methodologies 
Managing plan to update both technical and business documents (High level 
requirement / Business case / Use case, Design document, Deployment doc, etc.) 
for reengineered products (inherited from M&A processes). 
Review Unit Testing / Automation testing master plan applied for our products to 
reduce on-going manual testing effort. 
R & D and Initiate Critical/ Strategy products/ projects for DiCentral  
Major Successful Program/Products (Top successful Supply 
Chain Products): 
Product 
Remark 
Relevant customers 
Cloud 
Interchange 
Platform 
(CIP) 
A user–friendly, large-scale B2B EDI eCommerce 
(Multi-tenant cloud based solution), help small & 
medium businesses apply complex EDI requirements of 
their trading partners. 
EDI transactions are effortlessly validated, transmitted, 
and completed quickly and without delays. DiWeb offers 
real-time visibility of all your documents throughout the 
entire supply chain 
With more than 30000 Vendors & Big Retailers are 
using our CIP platform & trillion of data records, we 
can help a new Vendor easily catch up with thousands 
of trading conditions of Retailers, help them to prevent 
chargebacks & enhance their sales process. 
Walmart, Costco, Kohl, 
Walgreen, JCP Penny, 
AAFES, BBB, 
Academy, Kmart, 
Nordstrom, Sears, 
AEON, Metro… 
DiWMS 
DiCentral has many WH products such as DiOMS, 
DiSmartTurn, and WMSVN. Every product caters to the 
needs of different WH industry such as CFS, Bonded, 
3PL, etc. The purpose of this project is to merge those 
products into a centralized and standardized product 
and will apply UI/UX approach to overcome the 
difference between Web/ Desktop users. 
Infinita, Dropics, Kendo, 
MindsInSync, 
Bari 
Home, Hydra… 
Base2 
Base2 solution caters to the automotive parts 
manufacturer that must meet the requirements of the 
Just-in-Time manufacturing industry. Base2 works with 
hundreds of trading partners in multiple industries 
including Automotive Tier 1, and Tier 2, Off-Road, and 
Heavy Machinery. Base2 is Honda certified for EDI and 
bar code labeling. 
Madision Precision, 
Honda, Kapco, Yamoto 
Corporation,  
DiSmartTurn 
A complete 3PL cloud WMS solution (Multi-tenant) 
that provides complete visibility on the quantity, location, 
and status of inventory flowing in and out of a location or 
multiple warehouses. As a managed service, there is 
no hardware to buy, no software to install, no network to 
set-up and no technical staff to maintain. As a result, 
warehouse operators don’t have to worry about system 
deployments, performance, reliability or upgrades 
Chicago Public school, 
Neiman Marcus, Loving 
Pets, Baker Maid, 
Infinita, CWC, HGS, 
Pharmaceutical 
Corporation… 
DiMetrics 
DiMetrics is a hosted transaction visibility solution, 
helping Vendors/Retailers manage critical exceptions 
(are goods being shipped on time & complete, are 
invoiced billed correctly, how many exceptions one 
carrier have..) and share information more effectively by 
monitoring retail business-to-business transactions. 
Francesca & Shriner, 
AEON, Metro, Arhaus, 
Thomas Jefferson… 
DiReplenish 
DiReplenish provides a full range of VMI/SBT 
capabilities. This features a high level of automation for 
virtually any product mix and scales from 50 to 50,000 
locations. Item-specific inventory is analyzed and orders 
are produced according to your customer's rules.  
Dollar, J&A, Lord & 
Taylor, Top Heavy 
Clothing… 
Distribution 
Management 
System 
(DiSupply) 
A Web based application (MVC5) that connects 
Vendors, Distributors, Sales Representatives and 
Stores & provides vital information for Vendor about 
inventory, self-through and replenishment… Accessible 
through Web & mobile devices, DiSupply is designed to 
simplify the user experience by providing the right 
information to the right user, at a right time. 
DiSupply enables entire Distribution community to 
connect, manage and collaborate B2B cloud platform. 
DiVerify 
DiVerify is a cost effective fulfillment solution that 
verifies the accuracy of orders by documenting the work 
flow processes in packing operations. By scanning the 
contents of orders, containers can be defined in real-
time, reducing errors.  
Successful Integration Products/ Projects: 
Product 
Remark 
Relevant customers 
DiIntegrator 
An effective solution for logistic providers and multi –
division distributors 
Designed to manage and manipulate large volumes 
of EDI data to facilitate orders and fulfillment 
processes, effectively reduce the time it takes to 
process EDI documents, ultimately speeding the 
integration processes with On-Premise ERP/ 
Accounting Systems such as SAP B1, Dynamics AX, 
GP, NAV, Acomba, QuickBooks, Peachtree, etc.) 
Neiman Marcus, Skin 
Sake, TJM Innovations, 
Infinita Corporation, 
Imperial Tobacco, 
Panamax, MindsInSync… 
DiLogistics 
DiLogistics provides a cost-effective EDI inventory 
visibility solution for the Third Party Logistics Provider 
and Freight Carrier industry. Our system enables 
your business to stay up-to-date with the needs of 
virtually any supplier or trading partner network 
FMD4, Infinita, Dropics, 
Kendo, MindsInSync, Bari 
Home, Hydra… 
DiConnect 
Client side/ Server Side for direct communications to 
DiCentral (including multiple network protocols such 
as FTP, SFTP, AS2...) 
Walmart, Costco, Kohl, 
Walgreen, JCP Penny, 
Lord & Taylor, AEON, 
Metro, Saigon New Port… 
DiCompliance 
A testing tool, gives vendors the ability to meet 
exclusive shipping and packing requirements for your 
chosen Order Management Model (OMM). It also 
extends beyond generic EDI syntax checks to include 
support for your unique business data guidelines 
while managing all mandatory transactions. 
Walmart, Costco, Kohl, 
Walgreen, JCP Penny, 
AAFES, BBB, Academy, 
Kmart, Nordstrom, Sears, 
AEON, Metro, Thomas 
Jefferson…. 
R&D Products/Projects: 
DiDropShip (Cloud B2B & B2C eCommerce Platform) 
July 2015 – September 2018 (Phase 1: Sept 2017) 
With Amazon.com, eBay & Walmart   being the #3 online retailers in the USA and 
having an almost endless isle of products (hold more than 90% of the online 
eCommerce market), it has made it extremely challenging for competing retailers to 
increase their market share of online customers. Due to limitations of resources such 
as money to buy inventory, storage space and logistics complexities, retailers are 
increasingly adopting the Dropship model where customers are shipped the products 
directly from the vendors’ warehouse. This allows retailers to add a lot more products 
than previously possible with regular replenishment models 
As designed, DiDropship solution is a SaaS B2B eCommerce web application 
(multi-tenants) which allows a retailer to conduct business with its trading 
partners specifically for Dropship purpose. It will allow retailers to quickly onboard 
vendors and have vendors send compliant data which is native to retailers 
ERP/RMS system. The retailers hub side GUI is primary a dashboard 
which shows various KPIs, Vendor Scorecards, order lifecycle information, and 
allows messaging to the vendor from within the portal. 
At Vendor Side, it allows vendors to exchange product information data, update 
retailers of their inventory holdings, receive & fulfill orders, transmit invoice 
and other necessary documents, and communicate with the trading partners with 
ease and simplicity. 
Support almost EDI transitions for Drop-shipping & Cross-docking business: 850, 
855, 860, 865, 810, 856, 830, 832, 846, 864, 820, etc. 
Fully support Carrier integration: FedEx, UPS, USPS, Canada Post, etc. 
Support 3PL model 
Support eCommerce websites such as Shopify & Magento 
Primary Role: Integration Program Manager, Product Owner, PMO 
DiWebService (Cloud ERP Adaptors/ Neutral Adaptors) 
Jan 2013 – April 2014 
DiWebService is a fully hosted, seamless and AS2- enable solution that helps 
collaboration between Business –to Business applications & Cloud ERP systems 
(SAP By Design, NetSuite, Xero, etc.) and Accounting System (Xero, QB Online, 
Shopify, etc.) or Third Party Logistic systems without worrying about having technical 
knowledge of ERP’s SDK, ERP business processes. 
The solution comes equipped with validation, automation, and reporting 
functionalities that have been designed with the user in mind and that enable our 
customer to take full advantage of cloud ERP platform (SAP By Design, NetSuite, 
Xero, etc.) 
Capable of both customer and supplier-facing EDI 
Support almost EDI transitions for fulfillment & logistics: 850, 810, 856, 830, 846, 
940, 945, and 946 etc. 
Support all type of customers : Retailer/ Buyer/ Vendor/ Manufacturer/ Distributor/ 
Forwarder/ Broker/ 3PL/ Warehouse 
Primary Role: Integration Program Manager, PMO 
Vinababa (SaaS Based Public Catalog Data Warehouse + EDI  
November 2011 – March 2015 
Today’s digital consumer/buyer demands extensive information combined with a 
superb shopping experience before their purchase is made. Vinababa helps to 
collect all information from GS1 organization, Google Taxonomy, NAICS 
Association about Catalog/ Category (Item information (GTINs, UPC, EAN, etc.) & 
their selling profiles (HS Number of Products/ DUNS no., etc.)  And build a public 
cataloging warehouse. Similarly Alibaba & EC21 model, this will help our 
customers ( Trading Associations/ Retailers/ SMEs/ Manufacturer/ Brokers/ 3PL, 
etc.) having chances  to :  
Search for cheaper product/service/material from a specific industry or 
Cross-industries.  
Search for better sellers (classified by multiple criteria such as Pricing, Top 
in the markets, Company Capability, Business performance, their key 
strengths, Geographic location, Industry categories, etc.)  
Easy to extend their trading community (through cross- industry & 
channels)  
Decision making tools for Companies before extend their business to a 
foreign country/ a new industry/ selling their products to a new community, 
etc. 
For Vendors: Vinababa (with Price Model Management) allows our Vendors to 
create multiple pricing structures, referred to as Price Models, and then specify 
which trading partners are to have access to view which Price Model. Price Models 
can include, but are not limited to, discounts or special rates. 
Capable of both customer and supplier-facing EDI, Non EDI 
Primary role: Integration Program Manager, Product Owner, PMO 
o  
Project Leader  
DiCentral, From June, 2006 – Oct, 2010 
Key roles: 
Provide, design and implement add-on / built-in integration applications between 
DiCentral EDI Supply Chains products and ERP/ Accounting systems such as SAP 
B1, Microsoft Dynamics AX, Great Plains, Navision, Epicor, QuickBooks, 
Peachtree and Net Suite. 
Develop, create, and modify general computer applications software or specialized 
utility programs using C#/ .NET technology. Analyze user needs and develop 
software solutions.  
Create and execute project work plans and revises as appropriate to meet 
changing needs and requirements. 
Review deliverables prepared by team before passing to client. 
Prepare for engagement reviews and quality assurance procedures. 
Minimize exposure and risk on project. 
Ensure project documents are complete, current, and stored appropriately 
Key Projects & Achievements at DiCentral: 
SAP B1 Adaptor:  
Got SAP Golden Certificate Partner 
Dec 2009 – Dec 2010 
SAP B1 Adaptor is a comprehensive, demand–based supply chain application 
of DiCentral Corp for suppliers. Using this product will help suppliers:  
Improve Return on Investment by Simplifying EDI Experience, prevent errors 
caused by manual data entry, and eliminate costly and unnecessary charge–backs. 
Handle multiple ASN Packing Schemes with preconfigured UCC128 bar code 
labels. 
Dynamic Inventory Update synchronizes correct shipping information with SAP 
B1, Purchase Order Allowance Adjustment 
Designed and implemented database and program architecture, managed team 
members (4 Developers, 2 QCs) to be on schedule  
Technologies and tools utilized: .NET C#, Crystal Report, SQL-Server 2005, 
DevExpress controls, SAP B1, SAP SDK, and DevExpress XPO. 
Helped development team on planning, scheduling, and handling difficult technical 
issues.  
Microsoft Dynamics (AX/GP/ NAV) Adaptors – Got Microsoft Gold 
Application Development Certificate  
Oct, 2006 – Oct 2009 
DiIntegrator – Microsoft Dynamics Adaptors (AX/ GP/ NAV) is comprehensive, 
demand–based supply chain application of DiCentral Corp for both suppliers and 
retailers. With Dynamics Adaptors, users can simplify their business processes and 
focus on their core competencies:  
Manage pricing system (Item Price, Sales price, Price Level…) 
Manage tracking system 
Manage Smart List History / Smart List Builder for all transaction comes from 
DiIntegrator to Dynamics (multiple versions) and vice versa. 
Manage shipping information – Delivery, Good Receipts report 
Manage Fulfillment Workflow 
Label printing system, good receipts, bill of lading system 
Designed and implemented database and program architecture, managed team 
members (6 Developers, 2 QCs, 1 Document Writer) to be on schedule. 
Acting the role of  Project Manager, Senior Developer, Technical Designer, 
Business Analyst 
DiIntegrator (or DiEnterprise R11) 
June, 2006 – Oct, 2006 
DiIntegrator is an EDI Intelligent Order Management system. It is designed to 
manage and manipulate large volumes of EDI data to facilitate order and fulfillment 
processes, effectively reduce the time it takes to process EDI documents, ultimately 
speeding the workflow processes:  
Label printing system, good receipts, bill of lading system 
Archive EDI data (810, 875, 880, 856, 753,754,851) 
Shorten order–processing cycles with advanced management tools that 
organize, audit, and correct discrepancies before EDI documents are created. 
Invoice large groups of orders, including direct to store. 
Multi–user access configuration for pick tickets, packing slips, UCC 128 labels, 
bill of lading and more. 
Handle complex shipping and fulfillment requirements with multiple packing 
options from multiple locations. 
Main role: Senior Developer, Business Analyst 
Technical Leader, Lac Viet Computing Corp 
March 2005 – June 2006 
Key roles: 
Develop, create, and modify general computer applications software or 
specialized utility programs using C#/ .NET technology. Analyze user needs 
and develop software solutions. Design software or customize software for 
client use with the aim of optimizing operational efficiency.  
Manage team, assign tasks to team members and make weekly reports. 
Acting the role of Technical Leader, Assistant Project Manager. 
Key Projects & Achievements at LacViet: 
Timesheet Management System:   
March, 2005 –Feb, 2006 
Timesheet system provides great features for a team as well as manager to 
manage and keep track the progress of everything of the project such as resource 
allocation, workload, resources usage, project profit, project statuses 
Designed and implemented database and program architecture, managed 
team members (5 Developers, 2 QC and 1 Business Analyst) to be on 
schedule. 
Technologies and tools utilized: .NET C#, Crystal Report, XCeed Report,  
Infragistic Controls, SQL Server 2005, Java Script 
Acting the role of Senior Software Engineer, Team Leader, and Assistant 
Project Manager. 
Software Engineer, World Soft Company                        
June, 2003 – Feb, 2005 
Participated in software team, developing small modules of small applications. 
Learned how to design software using together tool, consolidated knowledge of 
object-oriented programming. 
Improved skill of using VB.NET, C# in Windows applications, ASP.NET, 
ADO.NET, Crystal Report and Microsoft Enterprise Library. 
