 
Tinh Thi Vo 
Senior Software Developer 
SUMMARY 
I have strong passion with advanced technology. 
Having more than 7 years’ experience working with wide range of technology projects 
software. 
I have strong knowledge business logic and C++ 11.  
Capable of working individually as well as working as a team to achieve given target. 
Eager to try and learn new things, especially technology. Challenges seeker. 
Friendly, responsible, self-motivated person. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Programming Languages: C/C++, C#, Java. 
Frameworks/ Platforms: .Net, ASP.NET MVC, Entity Framework 
Database Management Systems: MS SQL Server, Oracle, Sybase, MySQL. 
IDEs: MS Visual Studio, Eclipse. 
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux 
Foreign Languages: English 
Soft Skills: self-motivated person, strong teamwork.  
EDUCATION 
VINH University 
Engineer Degree 2004  2009 
Software Engineer 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  
Project:  
Tinh Vo 
Senior Software Developer 
2/5 
` 
APG (07/2014 – Now) 
Software Developer. 
Project Description:  
Create some tools on Java to migration to ensure that APG-HE system has two 
servers on both versions Sybase and Mysql have same schema and data. 
Responsibilities:  
My responsibility on this projects that get requirements from project manager then 
analyze, code and fix bug.   
Technologies:   Java   MySQL DB and Sybase.   Eclipse Helios IDE. 
DTSS conversion (08/2013 – 7/2014) 
Software Developer. 
Project Description:  
This project migrates from Sybase to oracle for DTSS system. Project includes 
multiple sub application. Purpose convert all statement Sybase to the oracle and 
guarantee the system execute corrects as old and run with best performance. 
Responsibilities:  
My responsibility Get requirement then Conversion statement and code of Sybase 
to oracle after conversion all  statement needed I must fix bug find out by tester 
with purpose guarantee the system execute correctly as the old one and run with 
best performance. 
Technologies:   C/C++, Java and Web Service,   Oracle DB and Sybase.   Eclipse Helios IDE. 
06/ 2012 02/2013 
Web Calendar  
Developer 
Project Description: 
The project is aimed to set timers to record your favorite program and time watching 
program will boadcasting, create the action plan. 
Responsibilities:  Learning the Frontend and Backend structures for SmartTV on customer-own 
framework  Development the Frontend and Backend features for CloudTV app on Android 
tablet and Iphone. 
Tinh Vo 
Senior Software Developer 
3/5 
`  I have create one web service “Calendar log import” by Java’s language, That 
service stored all information broadcast in the last time and future of some channels 
register by Toshiba Company. On that project I got object from Json’s file then parse 
to some objects then interactive to database. I have created some procedure to 
execute on the database to increase speed process.  On the front end I created some web page on HTML5, CSS JAVASCRIP, 
All projects create on Eclipse Helios IDE Tool. 
Technologies:  JAVA, HTML5, CSS and JAVASCRIP.  MYSQL.  Eclipse Helios IDE. 
09/2011 to 05/2012 
CIS 
Developer. 
Project Description:   
Main objective is to develop a system for monitoring and managing project of an 
architecture company. 
Responsibilities:  
On that project I used WPF create some screen of program, the WPF allows us 
create web from, and web service create by WCF all of them belong MS Visual 
Studio 2010. I must got database display on web page and modify data on web 
page update to database the database used to SQL2008. 
After finished code I should create test case and test. The test case created on 
TestLink tool and Manage Test by JIRA. 
Technologies: WPF,WCF, SQL server 
Tools: MS Visual Studio 2010. 
04/2011 to 08/2011 
Accounting Software  
Developer 
Project Description:   
Main objective is to create financial management software of a company. 
Responsibilities:  
Create a part of project that includes GUI and DAO. On that project I used Win form 
to design GUI and create functions were active directly between user and database. 
The database used in the project is SQL2008. 
Technologies:   
C#. 
SQL 2008. 
Tinh Vo 
Senior Software Developer 
4/5 
` 
MS Visual Studio 2010 
11/2010 to 03/2011 
DLNA, USD. 
Developer 
Project Description:   
Main objective is defines a standard for moving movies, photos, music and other  
media from device to device.  
Responsibilities:  
My responsibility design GUI on Flash’s language and creates some functions                  
Interactive directly on hardware by C++ then connects GUI and Hardware by Action             
Script. 
Technologies:  C/C++ on Linux OS, Action Script 2.0 and Flash CS4 
03/2010 to 09/2011 
*Update HDPlayer. 
Project Description:   
Update some tool for project HDPlayer. 
Responsibilities:  
I have deigned YouTube Application as OTT on Flash CS4 Language and add 
created functions to get multi Languages for Language setting to execute those 
must define C++ functions. To call to hardware, after that used Action Script to 
connect Flash and C++.Using Linux command to build program. 
I have Fixed some bugs on some functions belong HDPlayer. 
Technologies:  C/C++ on Linux OS, Action Script 2.0 and Flash CS4. 
06/2009 to 02/2010 
Project HDMediaPlayer. 
Project Description:  
Develop Application on HDMEDIAPLAYER of SMP8652, platform.  
The main objective of the job is to develop upgrade version and maintain code. 
Responsibilities:  I have created some functions to connect to hardware to execute some                     
functional as Sata Hot Plus and Support multi audio on television by C++ langue. To 
execute one of function above. It should has a GUI designed by Flash and generation 
between flash and C++ that is action script. 
Linux has function builder tool kit to execute program. 
Technologies:  C/C++ on Linux OS, Action Script 2.0 and Flash CS4. 
Tinh Vo 
Senior Software Developer 
5/5 
` 
