Le Nguyen Khoi  
Address : 162 Ho Van Hue Street, 
9 ward, Phu Nhuan 
district, HCMC. 
Mobile 
: 0167 4303 581 
Email 
: n_khoivn@yahoo.com 
OBJECTIVE 
Although I have just finished my studying program in Greenwich University and I will graduate 
next July, I am looking for a position in the Software department, especially a Software 
Engineer position, and friendly working environment where I can try my best and learn more. 
WORK  
2015 
2014 
2009 
Work in Lief Company 
Work in YouNet Media Company 
Work in Gameloft Company 
EDUCATION  
2013 
2010 to 2012 
2004 to 2008 
2002 to 2004 
1993 to 2003 
University of Greenwich in Ho Chi Minh 
Faculty: Computing of Science. 
Aptech Academy 
Faculty: Software Engineering 
University of Science 
Faculty: Biology 
Nguyen Thi Minh Khai highschool 
275 Dien Bien Phu Street, 7 ward, 3 district, Ho Chi Minh city. 
Musical academy in Ho Chi Minh city 
Violin, Intermediate. 
112 Nguyen Du Street, Ben Thanh ward, 1 District, Ho Chi Minh city. 
SKILLS 
Programming language: C, C#, Java, HTML, JavaScript, NodeJS, php. 
Framework : Zend, Yii, AngularJS 
English skills: able to speaking, reading, writing and listening English. 
Have good presentation. 
Good working and leaning in a group. 
Be able to estimate time for testing task on projects 
Completes work consistently 
Works with carefulness and clear comments / reports 
Ability to study / research new things 
A proactive, dynamic attitude in work 
Works with responsible spirit 
EXPERIENCE 
Project 1: Student Management, with ASP 
Job description: Team Leader in project. 
Experiences: management of project completion schedule. Assign work to team 
members. Learning web design experience with ASP.net. (Application Form) 
Project 2: Budget Application, with Java 
Job description: Team Leader in project. 
Experiences: learning system build utility payment through java application form. 
Project 3: Online Auction 
Job description: Team Leader in project, with aspx C# 
Experiences: learning how to build the system auction with there are category system, 
biding the price and buying the item. Management the web system and database. 
Project 4: Matrimony, with Java 
Job description: Team Leader in project. 
Experiences: learning model MVC when used to Java and how to design the Java 
website. 
Project 5: Sherlock Application, with Android 
Job description: build the mobile application by using Android Language that allows the 
user save the information of person who are interested and note and save something 
about their . 
Experiences: I can understand how to use the Android language to build an application 
on Android mobile. Using the engine of Google in the application such as GPS or 
Google map … 
Project 6: Fitness Club, with C# (Window Form) 
Job description: I have been approached to design and implement a prototype of a 
distributed information system for a national racquet and health club. 
Experiences: learning model MVC and used it in C#, build the prototype of the system, 
learn more about Window Form in C# .Net 
Project 7: Auto Ancillaries Limited, with Java (Sale Website) 
Job description: Member in project. 
Project 8: Institute of Fine Arts. (Education Website) 
Job description: Member in project with aspx C#  
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Date of birth 
:  21th September, 1986. 
Nationality 
:  Vietnamese. 
Language known : Vietnamese (native), English (intermediate). I have gotten the IELTS 
Certificate in the last 2011. 
Hobbies 
:  researching, listening to music, sports. 
