Nguyen Duy Khanh 
No. 3, alley 267/29, Hoang Hoa Tham Street, Hanoi, Viet Nam
(+84) 976 698 089
khanhthietbi@gmail.com
Summary: Full-stack software engineer with 4-year experience coding technically sophisticated web
applications using Microsoft Technologies (ASP.NET MVC5; Episerver CMS, Kentico CMS) as well as
experience on Azure Cloud Environment and Responsive Design (HTML5, JQuery, CSS3, Bootstrap).
For reference, please visit the following links: 
https://world.episerver.com
https://github.com/khanhthietbi
http://hdvn.herokuapp.com
SKILLS & TECHNOLOGIES
Languages
Operating Systems
Networking
Database
English  ASP.NET  Linux  IIS  MS SQL  TOEIC 785  Javascript  Ruby  Windows  OSX  NginX  RavenDB  MongoDB  RedisDB  IELTS 5.5
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Episerver Vietnam
04/2016 – Current
Episerver connects digital commerce and digital marketing to help organizations create unique digital
experiences for their customers, with measurable business results. The Episerver Digital Experience
Cloud™ combines content, commerce and multi-channel marketing in a single platform to work full-
circle for businesses online – from intelligent optimization and lead-generation through to conversion
and repeat business – with unprecedented ease-of-use.
R&D Department
Play a role of Full-stack developer for Episerver World Community (https://world.episerver.com). 
38K+ developers benefit from the community.
Responsibilities:
Communicate with documentation team to implement and delivery high quality features for
the whole sites, widely ranged from area to area: Forum/Article/Blog/Documentation for
developer community.
Participate  and  organize  seminars  and  presentations  of  new  technology  on  cloud
environment (named DXC  Episerver), automated workflow (jira > stash > teamcity).
Coordinated  with geographically distributed  team in Hanoi, United State (Nashua) and
Stockholm (Sweden) by video conferencing (Go to Meeting).
Maintain  and  monitor  system,  user  accounts,  syndication  system  for  Bug  List,  SDK
Documents.
Nguyen Duy Khanh
Page 2
Project:
Episerver World Community
World is the global Episerver developer community site hosting forums, blogs and 
documentation related to the Episerver platform.
Technologies: ASP.NET, Episerver products (Episerver CMS, EpiserverFind, Episerver 
Community, Episerver Add-Ons), Raven DB (No-SQL), JQuery, AJAX, Microsoft SQL, Bootstrap,
Teamcity, Atlassian products (jira, stash), Git, TFS (legacy).
ISTECH Vietnam
05/2015 – 04/2016
ISTECH Vietnam (old name Cardlab Vietnam) is a company that specializes in providing software
products, system solutions and IT – related services. Established in 2013, the company is developing
with a goal to provide high quality and reliable products both in domestic and international market.
Enterprises Project Department
Play a role of senior .NET developer, design and program specific features for Card Payment System.
Responsibilities:
Carry out specific features from BA; SA documents and give feedback to SA/QA team in case
of necessity.
Communicate with partners, other team members to prioritize needs and produce high
quality e-commercial web applications.
Participate in seminars and team’s presentations for better understanding of various system
functions and architecture.
Coordinated with geographically distributed team in Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City and US in
person and by video conferencing through online collaboration tools (Spark and Skype).
Projects:
Online Gift card services
Blackhawk Network offers a free gift card wallet service, GoWallet, that provides a rich 
experience for consumers to manage all of their gift cards. Plus, consumers can do much 
more than just store their cards online and easily track balances. They can also scan QR and 
bar codes for instant card registration, opt-in for merchant-specific offers, and even integrate 
with social networks for easier gifting.
Technologies: ASP.NET, Kentico CMS, Telerik, WCF, JQuery, AJAX, Microsoft SQL.
Vietnam Petroleum Institute
2012 – 08/2015
A scientific research corporation in Hanoi, Vietnam. 
Specialist at Policy Making and Management Regulations Division
Worked closely with other developers to plan and launch features related to the electronic document
management system.
Responsibilities:
Implement assigned tasks and gave feedback to developer team.
Collaborate  with  QA,  product  owner,  prioritize  needs  and  produce  high  quality  web
applications changes.
Coordinate a geographically distributed team through online collaboration tools (Skype).
Nguyen Duy Khanh
Page 3
Achievements:
Constructed and developed EDMS of material planning and contracts management.
Joined various teams, carried out innovative R&D projects. 
Projects:
Management system for domestic contracts with foreigner operators & contractors
The management system has become the first computerization management for oil and gas
contracts in the country in general and for PetroVietnam in specific. The system supports
positive, effective for the management work of oil and gas contracts in business activities of
PetroVietnam. The project was rated 9/10 and included in the list of 2013 Award for the
Excellent Research.
Technologies: ASP.NET MVC5, Javascript, Entity Frameworks, Microsoft SQL.
PVN's R&D project of EDMS for Technical Standard Documents and Material
An R&D project from design to acceptance phase carried out by EMC-VPI. In a nut shell, we 
designed  a Content Management System for managing material, technical documents 
widely ranged within oil & gas industry, in collaboration with TrueTech Co.Ltd  the 
Representative Office of Intergraph Corporation of America in Vietnam.
Technologies: ASP.NET MVC5, ASP.NET Web API, Javascript, JQuery, Microsoft SQL.
FPT Software 
2011 – 2012
FPT Software  the leading software outsourcing company in Vietnam with 7000+ engineers. The 
company is certified with CMMI level 5, ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 27001:2005.
Front-end Developer
Completed specific tasks to fulfill customers’ requirements for web applications.
Responsibilities:
Program features for news, entertainment web applications.
Receive Photoshop designs from design team and create templates of HTML and CSS.
Create Back-End Management system for administration.
AWARDS
Conoco Phillips Scholarship (2009 and 2010)
Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE) awards and scholarship (2008)
1st Place in Scientific Researching Competition (2010)
Excellent Student Award (2011)
Good Student Awards (2007 and 2009)
EDUCATION
Hanoi University of Mining and Geology – The degree of Engineer of  Information Technology in
Petroleum Engineering and Oil Rig Platforms.
FPT Software short-term training for Fresher
iMicrosoft ASP.NET MVC5 training course
Nguyen Duy Khanh
Page 4
Episerver Bootcamp course
