 
ORIENTATION  
To be always willing to learn more and make every effort in order to accomplish 
all tasks on major which related to Data Analyst, Database, functional ERP, …  
Take part in an ideal team that have great teamwork, responsibility and willing to 
fulfil task with 120% internal energy.  
In three years’ time, my goal is to become a senior employee in IT management. 
In order to reach my goal, I will constantly enrich my knowledge and sharpen 
professional skills, especially by means of training courses from your company. I hope 
that through my performance in both training courses at work, your company will 
recognize my achievements as well as consider challenge me in higher position. 
EDUCATION 
9/2011 
Studying in Management Information System. University of Economics 
and Law HCMC. Graduated in August 2015. 
6/2014 
Complete Workshop SAP ERP about Procurement and Fulfilment 
processes in SAP ERP. 
12/2013 – present Got a scholarship of Humanity Foundation in my university.  
(For more details: https://www.facebook.com/humanity.foundation.mis). 
COURSES  
8/2014 – 1/2015 
Studying Accounting Course. University of Economics HCMC. 
31/5/2014 – present  Self – study SAP ERP at http://mis.uel.edu.vn/moodle/. 
QUALIFICATIONS  
Good at SQL queries, good knowledge in object Oriented analysis and design 
using common design patterns, relational databases, SQL and PL/SQL, …  
Familiar with analytics tool: Crystal Report, Excel,… Have knowledge about Data 
warehouse, Data mining. 
NGUYEN THI ANH THI 
nguyenanhthipt@gmail.com 
01636 – 537 – 316  
32/4 Area 02, Truong Chinh Street, Tan Thoi Nhat 
Ward, District 12, Ho Chi Minh City.  
Familiar with practising in SAP Logon, work with t – codes and processes.  
Have basic knowledge about configuring SAP ERP.  
Good at coding ASP.Net, C#.  
Experience in web technologies such as HTML, HTML5, CSS, Javascript, XML, 
Ajax, …  
Have knowledge in SEO, e – business, e – marketing, finance and sale. 
EXPERIENCE 
Make a lot of topics at school:  
“Job server project of The Gioi Di Dong Company” – The result is high score in 
subject and satisfied of The Gioi Di Dong Manager.  
“Website of internship report management” – Project had been worked by ASP. Net 
and SQL server. 
Activities and internship:  
2/2014 – 7/2014 Advertising products, completing sale’s target each day, calculating 
cash fast and exactly in Family Mart Store.  
1/2015 – 3/2015 Work as an internship of TAFICO company. Position: FI/CO 
consultant intern. 
o 
Prastising in SAP Logon. The result is a lot of mistakes, some trasactions can 
not be created, … Thank to communicate with Line Manager, present about 
problems, so completed all of cases. 
o 
Writing User Guide for General Ledger and Account Payable with 30 t-codes in 
2 weeks. Completed earlier than planned.  
3/2015 – 6/2015 Work as IT Governance Intern (3 months) in ANZ Bank Ltd: 
o Manage vendor contract and invoice includes: archiving contract document, 
monitor contract due date, raising PR/PO and follow up with vendor invoice 
until it close. (Procurement Process). 
o Oversight IT fixed asset stock take, support IT Governance Specialist for 
manage IT assets register. Completed earlier than planned. Acknowledged by 
Mr. Nguyen, Hoan Hao (Line Manager). (Make Report in Excel). 
o Participant IAR Refresh Project to validate information asset of departments. 
Good communication with business user, acknowledged by Mr. Nguyen Hoan 
Hao.  
06/2015 – 10/2015 Work as TESTER of STYL Solutions. 
o Responsible for testing products, report bugs for developer. 
o Writing test case, test plan, test suite in TestRail system. 
SKILL 
Hard skill  
Have skill to research, collect, analyse, and classify information.  
Can read and translate documents or books from English to Vietnamese quite fast.  
Have skill to research, self study in Finance, Manufacture, Accounting, … 
Soft skill  
Have some experience about work in team, can work quite good individual or 
teamwork as needed.  
Can sit down under the pressure and get over it fast.  
Can write technical document and good presentation.  
Sensitive to new technology to apply it into realistic. 
REFEREE 
Nguyen Hoan Hao (IT Governance Specialist – ANZ VN limited – IT Department   Crescent Plaza, 105 Ton Dat Tien Street, District 7, Ho Chi Minh City).  
Tel: 0983098705 
Nguyen Duy Nhat (Master of Economics and Law HCMC – Vietnam National 
University, Ho Chi Minh city) 
Tel: 0903639511 
