Thu Le 
2135 Little Orchard Street, Suite 35, San Jose, CA 95125 
(310) 869-7430 leanhthu14@ucla.edu 
QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY 
2+ years of experience in data management with Microsoft Excel. 
1+ year of experience in MySQL, Python 
Areas of expertise: MySQL, Microsoft Excel, data analysis. 
Strong technical, problem solving, trouble shooting, analytical, critical thinking skills, attention to detail. 
Proven ability to work as part of a fast-paced environment with excellent multitasking skills. 
Excellent communication, teamwork, organizational, interpersonal skills and willing to learn new skills. 
EDUCATION 
University of California, Los Angeles  
June 2017 
Bachelor of Science, Mathematics of Computation  
Focus Areas:  
Python, Advanced Programming C++, 
Real Analysis, Complex Analysis, Probability,  
Mathematical Modelling, Applied Numerical Methods, Optimization, and Artificial Intelligence. 
PROJECT 
Sales Analysis of Dillard’s  
June 2018  
Analyzed hundreds of millions of purchase transactions recorded at Dillard's per year with  
MySQL. Evaluated sales trends across stores and months to determine if there are specific  
stores, departments, or times of year that were associated with better or worse sales performance. 
Image Visualization/ GUI on PyImagePlot  
June 2016 
Designed an interface with Qt Designer for Image Visualization Program allowing users  
choosing types of image montages/histograms. Leader Mehrdad Yazdani designed codes  
in Python for each type of image montages/histograms. 
CERTIFICATE 
Databases and SQL for Data Science by IBM 
July 2018 
SKILLS 
Programming: MySQL, Python, C++, Matlab, Common Lisp, and Microsoft Office. 
Language: English, Vietnamese. 
EXPERIENCE 
De Anza College, Cupertino, CA 
January 2014  April 2015 
Senior Math Tutor 
Helped supervisors train new tutors and provided tutors’ supports. 
Instructed students study, note-taking, and test-taking skills. 
Discussed with students lectures, working solutions to problems and strategies to solve assignments. 
Prepared lesson plans for tutoring sessions according to students' needs and goals. 
De Anza College, Cupertino, CA 
August 2013  April 2015 
Cashier Assistant/ Data Entry 
Assisted supervisor to classify data and contact other departments.  
Provided sufficient answers to questions via emails, phones, and in person. 
Managed data with excellent Microsoft Excel skills, Microsoft Office. 
