   
NGUYEN THANH THUC  
313/31 Quang Trung street, Go Vap District, Ho Chi Minh City  
Phone: 0902706779    
Email: thanhthuc041293@gmail.com  
Date of birth: 04/12/1993  
MY OBJECTIVE  
Amaris is the excellent working environment, great opportunity to get ahead and develop 
myself, especial to improve my technical skill and knowledge about mobile programing. This is 
also friendly working place to improve my communication skill in English. 
SUMMARY  
Almost 1-year experiment of working from 4/2016 to current time. I have strong, in-deep 
knowledge about develop iOS application. I have experienced and familiar with 
Swift/Objective-C. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE   
iOS Developer, 04/2016 to present. Working as iOS developer of mobile team at FPT software 
Ho Chi Minh from 04/2016 up to now, with three project, all this projects were succeed. 
May 2016  
FHoken project: This is sale product, i join to this project to learn about business, learn how to 
design layout for iOS product, learn how to implement layout flow using Interface Builder, Auto 
layout and UIKit. 
Responsibility:  
o Joining to learn about product business. 
o Implement layout flow for product. 
o Implement some small business logic. 
June-August 2016  
NFCLock project about security by software method for stored data into SD card, this card was 
owned by iOS device. In this project, we implement three methods for data security: by GPS, 
by Time and by password.  
Responsibility:  
o Writing SRS document. 
o Joining analyze customer requirement. 
o Joining implement layout flow for home screen (with more cool animation), 
setting screen, change mode screen, and popup set mode screen. All most layout 
in this project be done by me, I really make a great UI for this product. 
o Using nal library (this is private library from Toshiba Inc.) to communicate 
between iPhone Bluetooth and Card Reader (SD Card use to read/write data to 
SD Card). 
o Implement 3 security method according with business logic:  
Using Apple map to view place, choose GPS for GPS mode setting, set 
rule for GPS mode. 
Choosing time, set rule for time mode setting. 
Set password, set rule for password mode setting. 
o Design and write test (unit test). 
o Maintain product. 
Technology: 
o Core animation. 
o Core Bluetooth. 
o Persistence 
o Multithreading (GCD/NSOperationQueue). 
o Push notification. 
o Unit test. 
September  November 2016  
PartyPrint project, this project to serve user can take photo, choose, valid, review and upload 
image file to server (this image use to print for user) via LAN network. 
Responsibility: 
o Writing SRS, SDS document. 
o Joining analyze customer requirement. 
o Joining implement layout flow for: home screen (this screen can be change depend 
on status of network), choose image screen, preview image screen, sent image 
screen. Some pretty animation in this screens 
o Using Alamofire to make convenience to transfer image data by stream. 
o Working with image handling: cached image, compress image, change image 
dimension 
o Working with user permission when use camera, photo. 
o Load API setting from server and handle use case depend on business logic, depend 
on status of app lifecycle.  
o Working with Exif image: valid Exif image according time to determine whether if 
this photo can be allowed to select or send, keep this Exif image on server same with 
original Exif image. 
o Testing for product. 
o Maintain product. 
Technology:  
o Core animation 
o Core image 
o Apple photos framework 
o Persistence 
o ARC 
o REST API (working with XML format) 
o Alamofire  
o NSURLSession and NSURLConnection 
o Multithreading (GCD/NSOperationQueue) 
o Push notification 
o Unit test 
TECHNICAL SKILLS  
Programming Languages: Swift, Objective–C, C/C++, Java, C#, HTML/CSS, Javascripts, 
SQL. (strong with Swift/Objective-C, C/C++)  
Operation Systems: macOS, Windows, Ubuntu.  
Development Tools: Xcode, Eclipse, Visual Studio.  
Version Control: GIT, Subversion.  
SOFT SKILLS  
Good communication skill in English 
EDUCATION  
2011-2016: Ho Chi Minh University of Technology.    
Major: Computer Science.  
CERTIFICATE  
TOEIC 550 
My github:  https://github.com/thanhthucbkinfo?tab=repositories 
