Phuoc Quang PHI 
Education 
2015-2018: Master Degree in Ulsan University and Chung-Ang University. 
2014-2015: Intensive German Language studying. 
2006-2014: Engineering Degree in Advanced Materials from “Programme de Formation 
d’Ingénieur d’Exellence au Vietnam (PFIEV)”, Bach Khoa University. 
Languages 
FLUENT 
INTERMEDIATE 
LEARNING 
English: IELTS 7.5 
French 
Korean 
Vietnamese 
German 
Japanese 
Computational skills 
_Linux: Compiling and setting up open source packages from source code. 
_Large-scale Atomic/Molecular Massively Parallel Simulator (LAMMPS) and OCTA Multiscale 
Simulation Package. 
_Programming: Python, C++, Fortran.  
Research experience 
1. Build and test MnO2 electrode for supercapacitor. 
2. Build high quality symmetric tilt grain boundary of f.c.c metals and silicon. 
3. Extend LAMMPS with python for all-atom mixed-mode crack simulation. 
4. Coarse-grained simulation of polymer brushes system using Dissipative Particle 
Dynamics. 
Publications (In preparations) 
1. Applications of Conservation Integrals to Atomic Mixed-Mode Fracture of Grain 
Boundaries in Crystalline Solids. 
2. Tribological behaviors of Polymer-brushes (Details will be disclosed after publishing) 
Hobbies: 
Hiking, football, studying languages and literature. 
Current  
Address 
Chung-Ang University, Building 209, Room 308, 84 
Heukseok-ro,  Dongjak-gu, 156-756, Seoul, South Korea 
Phone number   (+82) 010 4599 1845 
Email 
phuocdongxoai@gmail.com 
Date of birth  
03 May 1988 
Nationality 
Vietnam 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
I would like to express my desire to join TMA Solution as R&D engineer. 
During my two and a half years in Korea, I have been exposed very early to research and academic writing 
thanks to the encouragement of my Advisor, Professor Choi Seung Tae. Although I had been trained in 
experimental methods during my undergraduate period, my main job here is to develop home-made 
codes for MD simulation. My research topics were completely new to me, but because of that, I have 
discovered my passion for programming and algorithms and learned valuable lessons about how to be a 
successful researcher. 
The first lesson is being brave to do new thing, not letting myself be intimidated by jargons. I found that 
it’s much more efficient to focus on the problem and learn relevant skills than to be an expert in everything. 
Finding out what expertise is required and how to obtain it is a better strategy than to study for the sake 
of perfection. 
The second lesson is putting an interesting question and not to get lost in the literature. “Finding the gap 
in literature” is the first advice in every book on academic writing. But how to navigate through the endless 
ocean of publications? I always feel thankful for the citation network. It allows beginner researcher to 
have a big picture of the field and know where to “aim and shoot”. 
The third lesson is the hiker’s attitude to research. Hiking is arduous and straining but a hiker will keep 
going, step by step until he gets “up there”. Experiments or simulations, researchers may need to hike 
thousands of small steps and be trialed with daunting failures until he finds something valuable.  
One of important tasks I have accomplished is to extend the LAMMPS simulation package with Python 
for crack simulation. This was a risky move as I was a novice in programing and most of our codes were in 
Fortran and no one can assist me with the new programming language. But for future, Python is 
indispensable. After several months of building and testing, the package was finished and used to obtain 
accurate results in our simulations of fracture in metals. After that, I was encouraged to do simulation 
with polymers which is also a completely new research area in our lab. Through literature survey and 
learning the key aspects of such simulation, I developed my own code for simulation of the tribological 
behavior of polymer brushes and nanoparticle. The results are used for my master thesis and will be 
further developed for publications. 
Apart from my research topics, I enjoy exploring data structures, parallel programming framework (MPI) 
and machine learning in preparation for their future use. However, I have to wait for an opportunity in 
the future to dedicate more time to them and apply them more thoroughly. 
I believe that the lessons I have learned and applied myself can be applied again and again in the future 
to overcome challenges no matter what the research field is.  
Thank you for your time and consideration. 
Sincerely, 
Phi Quang Phuoc. 
