Nguyen Thanh Viet Cuong 
Address 
No 62 Ngo Duc Ke Street, Binh Thanh District, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam 
Phone 
(+84) 938 02 52 49 
Skype 
ntvcuong 
Email 
cuongvietnguyenthanh@gmail.com 
Linkedin 
https://vn.linkedin.com/in/ntvcuong 
DoB 
August 16th 1989 
Personal statement 
A highly motivated and experienced Data Analyst with more than two year’s experience in finance 
and e-commerce industries. With a background in data science, statistics and finance, I love to play 
with data a lot and currently look for a position in data science to use and further develop my 
analytical/technical skills and knowledge in a practical and fast-paced environment. Eventual my 
career goal in future is to become a fully-qualified Data Scientist for a well-respected and market-
leading company. 
Key Skills  
Studied and applied Machine Learning algorithms into academic and enterprise projects 
Proficiency in computer tools such as R, Python, Spark, Oracle/Redshift/PostgreSQL, 
Microsoft Office, LISp-Miner, ... to analyze data, make reports and build 
models/indicators. 
Sometimes use Matlab, Bash Script, PHP, Pentaho Kettle in several specified tasks. 
With the combination of programming, statistics, mathematics and finance as background, 
I can adapt and learn new things from related fields quickly. 
Ability to adapt to new environments and work independently under high pressure 
Employment History 
o Data Scientist (12/2017 – Present) 
Gigatum 
Job responsibilities: 
Build, maintain and improve weekly, monthly and yearly reports for BOD and 
other teams. 
Build ad-hoc analyses and unified data dictionary. 
Process crawled data and build churn prediction models using SVM, Random 
Forest and XGBoost. 
Study and explore built recommender systems like collaborative filtering and 
matrix factorization. 
o Data Analyst/Big Data Analyst (02/2017 – 10/2017) 
Trusting Social 
Job responsibilities: 
Build and monitor regular reports based on various sources of data using R, Bash 
Script and Python. 
Make ad-hoc analyses to explore specific issues with statistical methods like 
descriptive statistics, visualization, confident interval, hypothesis testing, time 
series analysis, Gini calculation, curve fitting… on local or server using R, Spark 
SQL and PostgreSQL. 
Data supporter for  business analyst and product manager. 
Support to build analytics database. 
Interview Data Analyst candidates and guide new members. 
o Data Engineer (05/2016 – 11/2016) 
Chotot.com 
Job responsibilities: 
Monitor and maintain daily/monthly data generating process for other 
departments. 
Profiling and forecasting users’ behaviour based on Business Intelligence team’s 
requests using methods like multiple regression, association rule... 
Process ETL from other sources to data warehousing. 
o Data Analyst, Risk Analysis Department (09/2014 – 09/2015) 
Home Credit Vietnam 
In plan to be promoted to Senior Data Analyst at October 2015 
Job responsibilities:  
Develop scoring functions, indicators for risk evaluation and their testing.  
Create segmentation analysis to control fraud in region level. 
Data mining using Oracle , Excel, LISp-Miner,.. Make ad-hoc analysis of fraud 
indicators related to consumer credit products. 
Manage Anti-Fraud team database and cooperate with other departments (Sales, 
IT,...) when developing new system. 
o Intern of Contemi Big Data Internship Program (06/2014 – 09/2014) 
o Part-time Jobs (translator, private tutor, book fair volunteer,…) (2008 – 2014) 
Education 
o John von Neumann Institute, Vietnam National University (09/2012 – Pending) 
Master of Quantitative and Computational Finance 
o University of Science, Vietnam Nam National University (09/2008 – 06/2012) 
Bachelor of Mathematics and Computer Science 
o Coursera Verified Certificates 
Operations Analytics authorized by University of Pennsylvania 
Customer Analytics authorized by University of Pennsylvania 
Neural Networks and Deep Learning authorized by deeplearning.ai 
Improving Deep Neural Networks authorized by deeplearning.ai 
Structuring Machine Learning Projects authorized by deeplearning.ai 
Introduction to Big Data authorized by University of California, San Diego 
Machine Learning Foundations: A Case Study Approach authorized by 
University of Washington 
Machine Learning: Regression authorized by University of Washington 
Machine Learning: Classification authorized by University of Washington 
A Crash Course in Data Science authorized by Johns Hopkins University 
The Data Scientist’s Toolbox authorized by Johns Hopkins University 
R Programming authorized by Johns Hopkins University 
Getting and Cleaning Data authorized by Johns Hopkins University 
o English Certificate: 
TOEIC – Total Score: 735 – Date taken: June 2012 
