Che Viet Hai 
(+84) 905858162                                           B dormitory, Ho Chi Minh University, Thu Duc                        cheviethai123@gmail.com 
EDUCATION 
University of Information Technology, 2015-2019                                                                                             Ho Chi Minh, HCMC 
GPA: 3.02/4.0. Bachelor of Science. Computer Science Major 
Coursework: Advance Machine Learning, Data mining, Intro to Probability and Statics, Intro to Algorithm and Structure, 
Nature Language Processing (NLP) CS 224N Stanford Uni.  
WORK EXPERIENCE 
TMA Solution                                                                                                                                  Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam: Apr 2018 
AI Engineer Part-Time 
Work as NLP developer to create intelligent software and provide solution for NLP problems.  
Associate with Business Analyst to perform data collection of 8 leading RPA company in Southeast Asia. 
Collaborate with Project Manager and Director to provide POC and demo for potential problem from existing customer. 
Attend various skill-based trainings and career exploratory talks to deepen understanding of Vietnamese business, especially AI business 
and relevant. 
Contribute in building scraping system for Data Scientist team; built a system to scrap 500+ websites in 1 week. 
Participate in first NLP team was created in TMA; conducted training, developed guidelines for newcomer and intern. 
PROJECT 
Curriculum Vitae (CV) Parser                                                                                                  Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam: May 2018 – Jun 2018 
Built a machine learning model to automatic reading meaning information from CV file in pdf format. Auto-parsing this information 
into system or JSON file.  
Minimized labor work and increase efficiency in recruitment for HR apartment; conducted the system of TMA more advance and 
identified candidate without human touch.  
Applied multiple NLP techniques and frameworks for getting best performance; crawled and clean 1500 CV from Vietnamwork for 
training purpose. 
Tested on 500 CV files and the accuracy obtained was 76.43%. 
Reading Allocation 
Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam: Jun 2018 – Present 
A program was intended to use in Australia stock trading for verifying order from blocker. Automatic encrypts these order and send 
them into trading system. 
Boosted security and ensuring privacy for customer. 
Prevent human error and reduce mindless work. 
Ensured the security of the system and the maintenance. 
Nutritious Recommend System                                                                                                 Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam: Feb 2018 – May 2018  
Built a unique storing system based on Ontology structure; facilitate to apply profound knowledge and solve complex problem. 
Used a workflow technique to build efficiency Query file on Ontology data. 
Visited 50+ leading website nutritious to examine personal health, nutritious ingredient, including eating habit to create score 
sheet for food and nutrient. 
Applied combination technique to ensuring the diverse of food and nutrient; nutritious recommend were extracted from 100 000+ 
template menu based on customer’ information. 
Processed Vietnamese problem in Ontology structure.  
LEADERSHIP AND COMMUNITY SERVICE 
University Lab, Leader of team NLP                                                                            Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam: Oct 2017 – May 2018 
Conducted plan for solving problem and manage workflow, responsibility of each member in NLP team.  
Led 5 members to build an A+ project in computer science lab and was offer to write Science Paper for the project. 
Assessed progress, developed metrics to measure projects’ impact. 
CERTIFICATION 
Machine Learning A-Z. Hands On Python & R In Data Science                                                                                           Aug 2017 
The Ultimate Hands-On Hadoop – Tame your Big Data                                                                                                        Dec 2017 
RPA Developer Foundation Diploma 
May 2018 
Deep Learning Specialization by Andrew Ng 
Jun 2018 
ADDITIONAL  
Activities: Worked as part-time job in Western restaurant. 
Skills: Python, Excel, Microsoft Word, Mail, NLP. 
Interests: basketball, traveling, international development, business.  
