 
Contact
trinhhang2303@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/hang-
trinh-61522a55 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Mobile Testing
Web Testing
Mobile Applications
Languages
English (Professional Working)
Vietnamese (Native or Bilingual)
Hang Trinh
We are looking for Ruby Developers with 1  2 years experience
Summary  Involve and contribute to the success of the project and
development of the company  Be worked in the professional environment, company  Build-up, improve knowledge and experience in Software Testing
as well as other fields
Experience
Playground: connect, meet, play
Designer and Project Manager
February 2018  Present 
Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam  Activity and resource planning  Organizing and motivating a project team  Controlling time management
+ Define activity
+ Sequence activity
+ Estimate the duration of activity
+ Develop a schedule
+ Maintain a schedule  Cost estimating and developing the budget  Ensuring customer satisfaction  Analyzing and managing project risk  Monitoring progress  Managing reports and necessary documentation
Free Range Technology
4 years 8 months
Scrum Master/ Project Manager
August 2015  February 2018 (2 years 7 months)  Responsible for communication between stakeholders.  Identification of the product business model.  Setting up a development plan of the product according to the budget.
Page 1 of 4  Development of alternative solutions for product development during
development and support to production team.  Monitoring and budget management of product development.  Definition of the expectations and the priorities.  Implementation of a schedule with the working team, and manager.  Define and control each phase of production.  Orientation of the works, and the researches.
Business Analyst
May 2014  August 2015 (1 year 4 months)  Defines and documents customer business functions and processes.  Consults with functional unit management and personnel to identify, define
and document business needs and objectives, current operational procedures,
problems, input and output requirements, and levels of systems access.  Acts as a liaison between departmental end-users, technical analysts,
information technology analysts, consultants and other governmental
organizations in the analysis, design, configuration, testing and maintenance of
case management systems to ensure optimal operational performance.  Analyzes the feasibility of, and develops requirements for, new systems and
enhancements to existing systems; ensures the system design fits the needs
of the users.  Tracks and fully documents changes for functional and business
specifications; writes detailed universally understood procedures for
permanent records and for use in training.  Participates in user acceptance testing and testing of new system
functionality.
Senior QC
July 2013  May 2014 (11 months)
Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam  Design and develop tools for test management, execution and reporting to
enhance the overall software testing process.  Write, revise, and verify quality standards and test procedures for program
design, product evaluation and quality assurance.  Adapts to new Testing software/ALM software that the company might decide
to use.  Writes documentation to describe program evaluation, testing, and correction.
Sunrise Software Solutions Corporation (S3 Corp.)
QC
May 2013  July 2013 (3 months)
Page 2 of 4
Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam  Participate in feature development from concept to design to construction in
order to drive quality into not only the software application, but also the culture
of the organization  Plan, design, and author effective test cases  Develop automated tests for test cases and integrate automatons into test
suites
Tech Propulsion Labs
Senior QC
May 2011  May 2013 (2 years 1 month)
Vietnam  Design and implement processes for QA.  Participate as a team member in testing, analysis, process management to
identify issues and risks.  Analyze the product and feature specifications and contribute to the test
strategy and execution.  Develop Test scenarios and periodically review test cases.  Respond to dynamic situations while maintaining adherence to best
principals.  Ensure defects are logged correctly and tracked through closure.  Will work closely with Engineering to understand the product architecture and
work on identifying, designing or enhancing existing test frameworks
DIGI-TEXX
Software Tester
April 2008  May 2011 (3 years 2 months)  Together with Developer analyze and discuss to find out solutions for user
experience/ logical issues.  Make detail plan and checking for project (create testcase, test plan)  Carry out assigned tests according to plan and progress of projects.  Inform and contact with Department manager when have any questions or
any problem of project.  Join and discuss to find out solution for project when has problems.  Collect errors, reasons cause errors, and time to create programs.  Create report and send result directly to supervisor after complete testing
project.  Perform information security policy
Page 3 of 4
Education
University of Social Sciences & Humanities
Bachelor of Arts (BA), Faculty of English Linguistics and
Literature · (2012  2015)
NIIT Vietnam
Professional Diploma in Information Technology/DNIIT, Software
Engineering · (2005  2008)
Page 4 of 4
