NGUYỄN BẢO SƠN 
Address: 184/34/2 Ly Chinh Thang, Ward 9, Dist 3, HCM City 
E-mail: nguyenbson37@gmail.com 
Phone number: +84 949 758 758 
Personal Details 
Full Name: 
Nguyễn Bảo Sơn  
Birthday: 
03/07/1991 
Gender:  
Male 
Interests: 
Reading, travelling, listening to music, practicing Aikido 
Objectives 
My goal is to become a Senior Test Engineer in 2 years and a Leader in 3-5 years 
Skill Overview 
Technical Skills: 
o Have knowledge in manual testing (Web, application and mobile application) 
o Have knowledge in Test Plan and Control, Test Analysis and Design, Test 
Implementation and Execution, Test Evaluation and Reporting 
o Good understanding in testing design techniques such as Equivalence 
Partitioning, Boundary Value Analysis, Decision Table Testing, State Transition 
Testing and Use Case testing. 
o Testing types and methodologies: Structural testing, Functional testing, Non- 
functional testing, Maintenance testing, Experience testing  
o Experienced at Software and Technologies such as MySQL, HTML, CSS, and 
Word Press. 
Other:  
o Excellent problem solving skills 
o Advance Use of Mircosoft Office Suite including Word, Excel, Power Point 
o Good team work skills, communication and management skills.  
o Ability to study and apply new technology quickly 
o Good at Communicating and Writing Skills in English 
Experience 
Sep 2015   
TestingVN Co,. Ltd Company 
Oct 2015  
Trainee 
Project: Student Management 
o Description:  This is the application for managing the information of students 
such as personal details, subjects and marks. 
o Responsibility: My roles include understanding requirements, test cases, 
executing test cases, Q&A, finding and post bugs. 
Mar 2015    
Green Medical Equipment Co,. Ltd Company, Ho Chi Minh City 
Sep 2015 
Marketing and Sales Representative  
My job is to support to launch up the new products and engage with the sales team to 
push up a number of customers. 
o English translation for Mr. Kim Cheol Ho, The Director of Company. 
o Translate related documentary as well as help members of sales team in the 
technical field. 
o Analyzing, organizing, and following feedbacks from customers to company’s 
manager. 
o Building the relationships with customers from the shops, the private and general 
clinics as well as the hospitals 
o Marketing analysis for new products such as Biochemical Reagent, Lancets, 
Rapid Tests, Glucose Monitor, and Electric Pulse Massager. 
o Recommend a strategy to increase a number of customers 
Skill gained:  
o Soft skills including communication skills, time and task management, dealing 
with people, professional behaviors, working under high pressure and adapting to 
changes.  
o Client focus  by communicating with customers, I learnt how to put their 
satisfaction on the top priority and come up with the solutions filling their needs. 
o Analytical skills and the ability to prioritize, plan and organize effectively. 
Jun 2014    
National Breeding Center for Southern Freshwater Aquaculture, Tien Giang         
Oct 2014 
Province 
Graduation Project 
Project: Genetic diversity and genetic parameters of the base population of red tilapia 
o Description: 
Based on the collected database, the quality of red tilapia’s 
breeding is evaluated  
o Responsibility:  Researching and understanding the project  Collecting the database  By R statistical program, coding to identify and fix the mistaken 
values, and analyzing the database to get the final result  Component testing, integration testing  Present the final result 
Jan 2013    
International University Mastermind contest 
Apr 2013  
Team member 
Project: IUP Bus 
o Description: 
This is the web application which is to look up bus routes in Ho Chi 
Minh City 
o Responsibility:  Analyzing the business flows  Researching and understanding the project  Designing a website  Graphical User Interface Testing (GUI Testing)  Present the final result.  
Activities 
Jan 2015    
Volunteer at Huynh Mai Charity Group 
Now  
Jan 2015   
Collaborator of Tedvn.com website 
Jun 2015  Translate from English into Vietnamese for the videos from educational website 
www.ted.com  Edit and paragraph the description for those videos 
Jan 2010   
Member of Social Work Team Club, organized the charity activities. 
Jan 2013  
Education and Qualifications 
Nov 2015   
Fresher Tester Certification provided by testingvn.com forum 
Oct 2015 
Sep 2009    
International University, Vietnam National University, HCMC 
Dec 2014 
Graduated in Biotechnology Department with the overall GPA = 71.2 
