   
(Page 1 of 8) 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Name   
: Phan Minh Quoc Cuong 
Date of Birth   
: 1979/09/24 (yyyy/mm/dd) 
Home Address  
: Apartment 218 building 595-601 CMT8, 
District 10, HCMC 
Cell phone 
: 0907135073 
Personal Email 
: pm.quoccuong@gmail.com 
Gender  
: Male 
Marital Status   
: Married 
Citizen of  
: Vietnam 
PROFESSIONAL SUMARY AND OBJECTIVE 
Diligent Senior Software Testing Specialist with more than 10 years of experience testing various 
windows/web-based applications. Proficient in test strategy implementation, test plan development, test 
execution and bug tracking.  
Specialize in test development scheduling execution and test team management.  
Interesting and having knowledge in Automation test. Planning to become an expertise in Software 
Automation Testing. 
CORE QUALIFICATIONS 
Have good knowledge and experience in Team management (including mentor, coaching, monitor 
process and performance of team members) 
Adept at analyzing business requirements and software requirement specifications. 
Solid understanding of quality assurance and software development life cycles. 
Familiar with Bug Tracking Tool & Process. 
Have knowledge about Automation Test and willing to invest more effort into Automation Test. 
Strong ability to implement about developing test plan, test cases, test scenario, test report. 
Good knowledge about executing test on Win-Form, Web-Form, Mobile devices. 
Expertise includes: 
Java, ASP.Net, C#, VB, VB.Net, PHP, TCL programming. 
Be able to work on  HTML, Javascript, CSS 
Automation testing (experience SilkTest, FitNesse, have knowledge in Selenium Web-
drive, TestComplete, JMetter). 
(Page 2 of 8) 
Have knowledge in testing REST API using Jmeter. 
Databases: Oracle, SQL Server, My SQL. 
Operating Systems such as Windows, Red Hat, CentOS, Ubuntu 
Revision Control Systems: CSV, SVN 
Networking in equivalent CCNA level. 
Web Servers: Apache, IIS, Apache Tomcat 
Integrated development environment: Eclipse, Intellij IDEA 
Soft skills: 
Good team-work spirit and working under pressure. 
Straightforward, diligent, ready to take pains to study. 
Accept challengers to get better results. 
Always self-upgrade in technical skills. 
Leadership and management. 
Understand important of Time Management 
LANGUAGES 
Vietnamese     : Native 
English 
: Upper  Intermediate 
ACADEMIC 
1997  2002 
Open University, Ho Chi Minh City – Computer Science 
2006  2008 
NIIT Saigon Academy – Software Engineering 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
June 2011  Present Working on Luxoft Vietnam as a Senior Testing Specialist – Team Leader  
Project: IP Office solutions (A big America Telecom Company customer)  
From Dec 2012 to Present 
Description of Project : This is a telecom system which is built on hard-devices and  
server machines with a many sub-systems (like as OneX portal, OneX for Mobile 
devices, Voicemail pro, IPO Contact Center,…) combine to becomes telecom 
solutions including Contact Center solutions for middle and big companies. 
My Position: Senior Testing Specialist  Test Team Leader IP Office release 10.0. 
Technologies, Tools and Platforms used in project: 
ATTEST, TCL, SUN Solaris, TestComplete 
MSSQL, JIRA, Quality Center. 
Windows OS (such as Server 2012, Windows 7, Window 10 and Microsoft 
Exchange) 
CentOS, Ubuntu, Apache webserver 
(Page 3 of 8) 
Window Application, Web Application, Telephone devices (PBX, 
Telephone, Base station) 
Responsibilities: 
Lead team to achieve goals from Managers. 
Allocate tasks to team members and monitoring process. 
Meeting and reports to Managers in Romania location. 
Supervise and speed up the team for deadline and KPI targets.  
Review test results and Test Design. 
Troubleshooting and problem resolve in team. 
Involving in Test Strategy for every Quater and planning tasks execution. 
Involving in setting up Test environment. 
Execute test automation Suites with Test Complete integrated Avaya Attest 
system. 
Coaching new team members. 
Achievements: 
Team achieves target. 
Working with telecom system. 
Working in high performance and high quality. 
Quickly adopted testing software in new business domain. 
Investigating and resolving problem. 
Implementing Time Management 
Working with multi-tasks simultaneously. 
Project: ETL (A world's largest aerospace Company customer) 
From June 2011 to Dec 2012 
Description of Project: This is back-end software for Extractor, Transformation and 
Loading data between other systems in Boeing Company 
My Position: Manual and Automation Testing Specialist 
Technologies and tools used in project: 
Java, XML 
MSSQL. 
Fitnesse. 
Responsibilities: 
Allocate tasks to team members and monitoring process. 
Weekly meeting and weekly reports for Team process and status with 
Manager in Russia location. 
Develop scripts based on Fixtures, execute scripts and analyze result in 
Fitnesse. 
Coaching new team members. 
Achievements: 
Working with a back-end software without GUI. 
(Page 4 of 8) 
Working for a customer with high standard requests. 
Working colleagues in team from difference offices in other country. 
Jan 2010 – June 2011 Working on Total Soft Bank Co, Ltd as an SQA engineer   
Name of Project: SP-PSA Port (Singapore customer) 
Description of Project:  
This is a Computer Automated Terminal Operation System. It is a fully integrated 
application for highest productivity for Maritime terminal operations. With 
intelligent and real-time operation control, the system applies algorithms to create 
optimal utilization of terminal devices. 
My Position: SQA Engineer 
Technologies, tools and platform used in project: 
C#, VB.Net  
Java Socket, .NET framework. 
Oracle 11G 
Visual Studio 2005, Toad 9.5 
SilkTest 2010 
Windows 
Responsibilities: 
Execute manual test. 
Create and execute SQL queries for verifying data.  
Maintain and execute Test scripts with 4Test Scripting Language. 
Monthly meeting  with client for changing requests 
Achievements: 
Working in Seaport and container terminal business domain. 
Working directly with customer. 
I had developed a changing request when Developers were un-available via 
Manager‘s approval and got good feedback from client. 
Name of Project: PCT Port (Greece Customer) 
Description of Project: 
This is a Computer Automated Terminal Operation System. It is a fully integrated 
application for highest productivity for Maritime terminal operations. With 
intelligent and real-time operation control, the system applies algorithms to create 
optimal utilization of terminal devices. 
My Position: SQA Engineer 
Technologies, tools and platform used in project: 
C#, VB.Net  
Java Socket, .NET framework. 
Oracle 11G 
Visual Studio 2005, Toad 9.5 
Windows 
(Page 5 of 8) 
Responsibilities: 
Execute manual test. 
Create and execute SQL queries for verifying data.  
Maintain and execute Test scripts with 4Test Scripting Language. 
Test results report to Team Leader. 
Feb 2009 – Jan 2010 Working on Corigo Company as a Developer 
Name of Project: Corigo Workplace Enterprise  
Description of Project:  
This is HR and Payroll combined with Project and Tasks management on web  
interface and has multi language support ability. It was using in corporation 
companies. 
My Position: Developer and Tester 
Technologies and tools used in project: 
Java, xml, JavaScript  
JSP & Servlet, Velocity, Ajax, JDBC  
Eclipse, Apache Tomcat  
MSSQL and PostgreSQL 
YourKit Java Profiler 
Responsibilities: 
Develop Java code under mentor and code review of an American java 
expert. 
Meeting with client frequently for getting feedback to improve company 
product. 
Achievements: 
Develop Java code. 
Active listening feedback from users.  
Name of Project: www.dogmacollection.com 
Description of Project:  
This is on develop project. This project is a CMS website customization of Joomla  
My Position: Developer and user trainer. 
Technologies and Platforms used in project: 
PHP, CSS  
Eclispe, Xampp  
MySQL 
Responsibilities: 
Edit PHP code and CSS code. 
Meeting with client frequently for getting feedback. 
Dec 2008 – Feb 2009  Work as a freelancer:  
(Page 6 of 8) 
Name of project: Project PureButtons (www.purebuttons.com) 
This is ERP project which is combined Shopping Cart with web GUI development 
by JavaScript, PHP and MySQL  
My Position: Developer and Communicator  
Technologies and tools used in project: 
PHP, CSS  
Eclispe, Xampp  
MySQL 
Responsibilities: 
Developer with PHP and MySQL 
Achievements: 
Working with PHP and MySQL project 
Communication with American customer. 
Management own Project.  
Working independence.  
Management requirements. 
Jul 2008 – Nov 2008 Working on FPT Software Company 
Position: Senior Tester 
Took part of Japanese Projects 
Name of Project: J-CPS. 
Description of Project:  
This system use to analyze between Planning cost and Actual Cost of a Project 
from two existing systems on Web interface  
My Position: Senior Tester 
Number of member in the project: 1 PM, 4 Developers, 1 Tester 
Tool: EyeDrop, Druler. 
Technologies and tools used in project: 
JSP and Servlet  
DB2 
EyeDrop, Druler 
Responsibilities:  
Writing, reviewing test-cases. 
Execute manual test-cases and execute automation scripts. 
Management requirement and Q & A information. 
Achievements: 
Understand working out-source processes with Japanese customer. 
Name of project: Mayfly 
Description of project: This is used to management clients PC in network.The 
company had duty to customize the old GUI into modern style GUI. 
My Position: Senior tester 
Programming language: Java Swing 
Number of member in the project: 22 (PM, Leaders, Developers, Testers, 
Communicators, QAs) 
Responsibilities:  
Writing, reviewing test-cases. 
(Page 7 of 8) 
Execute manual test-cases and test results report. 
Management requirement and Q & A information. 
Achievements: 
Understand test-cases design for Japanese customer 
2004 – 2008  
Global System Engineering Corporation   
Position: QA Team Leader 
Responsibilities 
: 
Creating and reviewing test cases, test plans for projects. 
Finding bugs/inconveniences of projects during their life-cycle. 
Manage test-team with 5 members 
Projects: 
E-commerce Project Von-Mour: 
I was only one tester of this Project in GSE Company. I spent a few days to read 
documents and next around two weeks to write test-cases follow those documents 
and updated test-cases.  A lot of issues had been tested and passed by me with 
good quality. I worked in this QA position until the project was completed with 
highly appreciated from Client and Project Manager.  
E-commerce Project ASC and PAS-REO : 
I had written test-cases and testing the entire project.  I kept support testing in 
maintenance stages. 
Project Eclp: 
This is a finance project which is manage real-estate loan mortgage using by 
brokers in Well-Fargo bank. 
I had tested and raised overs hundred Issues.  I had been done all kinds of testing 
such as individual issue testing, smoke testing and regression testing and I also 
had done this QA position for Eclp project in several releases. 
(Page 8 of 8) 
2003 – 2004  
Working in BlueBytez Software Company   
Position: Tester 
Responsibilities: 
Creating the test cases, test plans for projects. 
Finding bugs/inconveniences of projects during their life-cycle. 
Netreport: 
This is a web-application program.  It is a project management system used to 
maintain projects and tasks statuses.  It is also a tracking/report system for issue 
that are reported by users. 
I joined in this project nearly from initial days. I had written test-cases and tested 
them with all of user types of this program and have found too many bugs (over 
two hundreds). I helped my manager to provide numerous side training classes for 
customers.  I had also completed many written requirements and they all got 
approved by customers. I worked with those above in one year.   
Shop Hue: 
This is a shopping cart web-application program for advertising and marketing 
Souvenir Vietnamese Products of an American’s Company. 
I was the only one QA person of this Project.  My duties were writting testcases 
follow customer’s requirements and testi the entire software.  Deployment job was 
also included in my duties. I worked with this project in two months while I was 
wroking in Project above.  
Events Website:  
This is a web-application program. It helps website administrator to update and get Public 
sites quickly and easily.  The advantage of this program is allow users to update the web 
site without knowing web knowledge / skills. I was also the only one QA person of this 
Project. Writing tescases and testing software were my duties at that time. I worked this 
project in one month. 
