Pham Vu Hai Dang
E-mail: pham_dang83@yahoo.com.au
Phone: 0947623377
EXPERIENCE:
July 2015 – Current; Synova Solutions, Project Manager, (Hochiminh city, Vietnam)
Managed local and international projects
Responsible for ensuring best value is obtained for the project including supplier base, use of internal 
and external resources.
Responsible for costing, estimating and planning projects.
Writing detailed and summarized project progress reports
Planning/Updating project plans to include agreed changes
Identifying, costing and processing any contract variations.
Escalation issues and area of concern to senior managers
Resolved any problems and issues that arose.
Monitoring actual expenditure figures against project budgets.
Preparing status reports for use in communication to stakeholders
Managed issues and proposed solution on projects.
Provided project support for all off site activities
September 2014 – Febuary 2015; Ogilvy & Mather, Project Manager, (Hochiminh city, 
Vietnam)
Managed local Projects: Coca-Cola, Dutch Lady, Friso…
Responsible for ensuring best value is obtained for the project including supplier base, use of internal 
and external resources.
Maintaining and completing Project Key Performance Indicators.
Identifying, costing and processing any contract variations.
Tracking activities against the detailed project plans. 
Monitoring actual expenditure figures against project budgets.
Organising and facilitating Project Steering / Operating Committees meetings.
Managed issues and proposed solution on projects.
March 2013 – September 2014; Drcom Asian, Project Manager, (Hochiminh city, Vietnam)
Managed Four Global Projects with 25 countries localization, P&G, BMS over the world on Digital 
Marketing Sales Ads
Coordinated with Research & Development Department to implement features of player on IPad, 
business requirement.
Managed data tracking of Medical Sales Rep on Relation Platform.
Estimated timeline, schedule, and cost on projects.
Managed issues and proposed solution on projects.
Managed client’s source version and consulting on all projects.
December 2012 – March 2014; Aston Hotel Saigon, Front desk manager, (Hochiminh city, 
Vietnam)
Manage daily operation of the front desk staff.
Keep track of  reservations from internet (Booking, Agoda, Expedia) 
Handle Customer service, up selling, guest complaint, inquiry through phone call, email, in person. 
Training staff on hospitality skills.
Manage revenue and monthly P&L report.
September 2011 – November 2012 D.E.A, IT specialist contractor (Infinite Resources, inc), 
(Chantilly, VA  USA)    
Technique support for  450+  users.
IT support: Maintaining, Install, Configure, Update, Trouble shoot software, hardware, and printer 
Configure computer and printer to network
Install, update software and hardware.
Responsible for the operating, programming, editing, upgrading the management administrative 
website. 
Responsible for VTC conferences (VoIP, VVoIP).
Maintained system security, configure, troubleshoot and upgrade VTC systems.
Analyzing, adding, and applying new policies and procedures to VTC systems program.   
February 2011 – June 2011  Wireless Expert, Wireless Advocates, LLC (Fairfax, VA  USA) 
Provided excellent customer service by being courteous, maintaining confidentiality and displaying 
professionalism at all times.
Maintained a strong knowledge of new wireless products, accessories, pricing plans, promotions and 
service features.
Educated and engaged customers through product demonstrations.
Consistently met sales objectives for wireless phones, services and accessories.
Handled all administrative aspects of the sale including: completing customer contracts and 
warranties, pulling products from inventory, accepting customer payments and filing the completed 
orders.
November 2006 –November 2009      Property Manager, Public Storage (Sterling, VA  USA)
Provide outstanding customer service by helping customers understand their needs, recommend 
storage solutions and help them acquire the needed product solutions
Assist reservation and walk-in customers (both in person and on the phone) in renting storage 
units, understanding the lease terms, fees and insurance and completing lease agreements
Consult, sell, and up sell to customers merchandise such as boxes, tape and other appropriate 
products that meet their needs
Manage, verify, balance cash drawer; prepare and make daily deposits
Conduct a daily physical storage unit inspection confirming inventory availability and ensuring 
each unit is secure or ready to rent.
EDUCATION:
George Mason University – Fairfax, Virginia  USA
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology (2011)
Concentration in the Web Development & Multimedia.  
Minor in Business
Member of Capstone Senior Design Project 
Honors:  Phi Theta Kappa International Honor Society, Dean’s Honor Rolls
RELEVANT SKILLS:
Bilingual – Fluent in English and Vietnamese
Possess strong multi-tasking and organization skills
Work well in a team-oriented environment
Self-starter with a willingness to take initiatives
Possess strong interpersonal and communication skills 
Abilities to work as a group or individual
