CURRICULUM VITAE 
Page 1 / 3  
PERSONAL INFO 
VO HONG TUAN LINH  
588/37/26A, Huynh Tan Phat street, Tan Phu ward, District 7  
0939 420 344        
tuanlinh.vh@gmail.com 
Skype tuanlinh_vo  
Sex Male | Date of birth 03/12/1989  
WORK EXPERIENCE 
PERSONAL STATEMENT 
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the 
information technology-related industry. Skilled in Market Research, Social 
Listening, Social Media Analytics. Strong business development professional with 
a Bachelor's degree focused on International Business/Trade/Commerce. 
Sep 2015 – Jun 2017 
DATA ANALYST – SDL TECHNOLOGIES VIETNAM 
Business: Market Research. 
Research American/European/Asian social media sites with required internal and 
external tools in order to build insightful reports to worldwide clients, which help 
improve their business decisions. 
Reporting on data includes: 
Setup keywords, search strings based on clients' objectives to collect raw 
data. 
Filter, categorize and analyze the defined dataset using company's tools to 
derive insights. 
State and test hypotheses that contribute to report body. 
Determine when, where, what and why people talk about a brand/product 
on social media platforms (YouTube, Reddit, Flickr, Twitter, Instagram, 
Facebook, forums, blogs, etc…) 
Determine sentiment of consumer voice. 
Identify main themes of conversations using Topic Modeling function.  
Identify key influencers. 
Identify key trends in data sets. 
Monitor client’s social media accounts to keep crisis under control. 
Work with the Account team in support of Research & Data Managers to 
figure out clients’ needs. 
Work with Back-end team to ensure improvement and innovation in capturing 
data. 
CURRICULUM VITAE 
Page 2 / 3  
EDUCATION  
PERSONAL SKILLS 
English: TOEIC 745 and IELTS 6.0 
Apr 2014 – Aug 2015 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANT – CIRCLE K VIETNAM 
Business: Retail / Marketing 
Promote Circle K brand by integrating various types of additional services into the 
franchise. Take responsibility for maintaining current services (laundry, ticketing, 
ATM, bill payment) as well as developing potential ones (food delivery, e-
lottery...). Assist and report directly to Director of Marketing & Business 
Development the following tasks: 
Work on sourcing suppliers, building visibility and raising brand awareness.  
Liaise with suppliers to ensure marketing campaigns run effectively on both 
online and offline channels. Take care of POSM, articles and posts on 
websites, Facebook fan pages.  
Work cross-functionally with other departments: Operation, Training, Data 
Management… to ensure all information, guidelines are communicated well to 
all staff in stores when launching new marketing campaigns. 
Examine and assess possible locations to install ATM machines. 
Aug 2008 – Apr 2013  BACHELOR’S DEGREE IN BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
Ton Duc Thang University – Vietnam 
Languages 
Communication skills 
Good communication skills gained through my experience as: 
A data analyst: interpersonal skills, able to deliver ideas to coworkers 
effectively in meetings and via e-mails, Skype. 
A business development assistant: external communication skills, able to 
communicate and deal with partners, clients in order to meet company’s 
demands. 
Managerial skills 
Lead a team of 2 people in 1 year at Circle K Vietnam. 
Job-related skills 
Social media data analytics: skilled at analyzing data, generating insights and 
building reports. 
Marketing: able to conduct marketing campaigns for designated products. 
CURRICULUM VITAE 
Page 3 / 3  
REFERENCE 
ANNEXES 
Digital competence 
Self-assessment 
Information 
processing 
Communication 
Content creation 
Problem 
solving 
Proficient user 
Proficient user 
Independent user 
Proficient user 
(Levels: Basic user  Independent user   Proficient user) 
Good command of office suites including products of Microsoft (Word, Excel, 
Power Point) and Google (Docs, Spreadsheet, Forms, Slides…) 
Good command of social analytics tools: social monitoring, engagement 
analytics…   
Ms Nguyen Xuan Hoa 
Senior Manager  Global Insight and Analytics 
Mobile: 090 395 1025 
List of documents annexed to my CV: 
Cover letter 
Bachelor degree 
IELTS, TOEIC certificates 
