 
QUANG MINH PHUONG 
Email: phuongminhquang@gmail.com 
Mobile phone: +84 (0) 935710181 
Kaggle: https://www.kaggle.com/phuongminhquang 
Experience: 
Contract Executive  Petroleum Offshore Trading & Services Co. Ltd – present 
+ Managing and executing contracts for the commercial department, from the contract 
negotiation to complete delivery to customers and getting payments. 
+ Liaising with suppliers and customers for any matters arising during the project execution, for 
technical and commercial issues. 
Project Engineer – Petroleum Offshore Trading & Services Co. Ltd (June 2010 – 
June 2018): 
Assigned to Bien Dong 1  CRA Clad Line Pipes project, stationed in the pipe factory (Thailand) 
to: 
+ Supervised and expedited daily production, procurement, documentation and logistics. 
and expedite actions in order to increase the production throughput. 
+ Worked with procurement and production teams to ensure no shortage of supplies during 
production and timely maintenance on machine and equipment. 
+ Work with logistics teams to complete shipping products out of the factory to Viet Nam. 
Graduate Assistant  Industrial Assessment Center- WVU, USA. (5/2008 – 5/2010) : 
+ Performed data analysis, prepared documentation for the Accreditation Board for Engineering 
and Technology (ABET) to assure the undergraduate program at Industrial Management and 
Systems Engineering department at West Virginia University complete ABET standards and 
certification. 
+ Visited various industrial plants in the U.S, collected data and performed energy assessments 
using software, reported calculations and recommendations to present the opportunities for saving 
costs and increasing energy usage’s efficiencies of manufacturing facilities and systems. 
+ Completed the Enhancement of Galvanize Energy Profile Decision Support System project, 
funded by the International Lead Zinc Research Organization (ILZRO). A computer based model 
(programmed in Visual Basic.Net using Microsoft’s Visual Studio) was developed to evaluate the 
costs of producing different galvanized products. The project was presented at multiple 
conferences in Baltimore, MD, St.Louis, MO, Louisville, KY, Pittsburgh, PA, and Liege, 
Belgium. The model was used in the U.S Steel plant in Fairless, PA and SSAB plant in 
Borlange, Sweden. 
Education: 
West Virginia University (2007 – 2010) – United States of America 
Master of Science in Industrial Engineering  
Majoring in Decision Sciences (Operations Research) 
University Technology PETRONAS (2002-2007)  Malaysia 
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering  
Majoring in Manufacturing Engineering 
Skills: 
Programing (Python, C++, R) 
Optimization using mathematical models 
and software 
Data analysis (Python, R) 
Computer Vision (OpenCV, Python) 
Online courses: 
PyImageSearch Gurus (Computer Vision and OpenCV): expected to graduate Sept 2018 
Machine Learning  (Coursera) completed 
