September2018 
February 2019
Certified Test Professional Program (expected)
Certified ISTQB Foundation (expected)
Oct 2016  Present
Sai Gon University
Major: Computer Science
GPA: Master
Oct 2014  Oct 2016
Sai Gon University
Major: Information Technology
GPA: 7.01/10
October 2015  Present
MY THUAT SAI GON JSC
SEO Website  Digital Marketing
Main responsibilities:  Develop content and Website adminitration, Fanpage, Maps.  SEO planning.  Implement SEO strategies, increase traffic for your website, business
fanpage.  Increase Website rankings on the search engines.  Completion of the work is proposed.  Evaluate the results of the work, make suggestions to work more
effectively.  Responsible for the results of the strategy.
VUONG DO BAO YEN
Software Tester/ QC (Manual, Automation)
Date of birth:
June 01, 1991
Gender:
Female
Phone:
0975 397 090
Email:
vuongyen1691@gmail.com
Address:
945/63 Road Le Duc Tho, Ward 16, Go Vap District,
HCM City, Vietnam
Website:
https://www.facebook.com/YenDo0101
OBJECTIVE  Objective 1-2 years when I have enough experience, I want to move from the staff position to the
management position.  Long-term objective I want to develop with the organization where I can learn about the skills needed for
the job so that I can take responsibility and contribute to my abilities. I really appreciate the organization,
the company always support to create conditions for employees to learn and develop themselves.
EDUCATION
WORK EXPERIENCE
CERTIFICATIONS
2018
B1 Certificate
2013
Certificate of website design in C # language
Language
English  Reading: Good  Writing: Good  Speaking: Moderate  Listening: Moderate
Computer
Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Photoshop and I have the ability to learn and use
other software if required by the quality of the work
Internet skills
How to use Facebook, Google Business, Google +  for advertising purposes
Adaptive Skills
Flexible, flexible in work, always meet the requirements of work assigned
Other Skills
Problem solving, communication and relationship building, creative thinking,
persuasive negotiation, self management, teamwork. Personal development
career, study and self-study, listening, organizing work effectively
SKILLS
INTERESTS
I like reading book, cooking, traveling
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Know to use software  Administration website with a variety of different interfaces  Design travel website in PHP language  Design software sales management in C # language  Know how to use Microsoft SQL database
© topcv.vn
