INDUSTRIAL UNIVERSITY OF HCM CITY
SEP 2011  JUN 2015
INDUSTRIAL UNIVERSITY OF HCM CITY
SEP 2012  DEC 2014
HANOI NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF EDUCATION
JUN 2015  SEP 2015
AUSTRALIA-VIETNAM SCHOOL OF ENGLISH
MAR 2014  MAY 2015
VIETNAM-AMERICA STAR ENGLISH CENTER
SEP 2015  FEB 2016
AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL
MAR 2015  TODAY
SILVERSEA LIMITED COMPANY
JUN 2015  APRIL 2016
Objective
I am currently looking for a full time position in an environment that offers a greater
challenge, increased benefits for my family, and the opportunity to help the company advance
efficiently and productively
 Education
Master of English
Chinese level C
Teaching specialist certificate
 Work Experience
Teaching Assistant Working alongside teachers to support learning activities Helping to plan lessons and prepare teaching materials Acting as a specialist assistant for particular subjects Leading classes under the direction of the teacher Supervising other support staff
Teacher Advising student on career issues. Organising and delivering classroom lectures to students. Evaluating a students' class work and assignments. Preparing classroom and coursework materials, homework assignments, and handouts. Recording and maintain accurate student attendance records and grades. Classroom management. Developing English lesson plans in line with the National Curriculum. Maintaining discipline in the classroom. Creating a vibrant teaching atmosphere.
Teacher Advising student on career issues. Organising and delivering classroom lectures to students. Evaluating a students' class work and assignments. Preparing classroom and coursework materials, homework assignments, and handouts. Recording and maintain accurate student attendance records and grades. Classroom management. Developing English lesson plans in line with the National Curriculum. Maintaining discipline in the classroom. Creating a vibrant teaching atmosphere.
 22/06/1993
 Female
 01649816835
 tranvongoc226@gmail.com

Hung Ngan garden, TCH 21,
Tan Chanh Hiep ward, District
12, Ho Chi Minh City
SKILLS
Team-work
Advance English skills
Leadership skills.
Presentation skills
Computer skills – MS Word, Excel,
Power Point and Outlook
INTERESTS
Reading books
Singing
Taking photos
Travelling and doing charity works
Cooking
Võ Thị Ngọc Trân
Võ Thị Ngọc Trân
ASSISTANT
WELDCOM INDUSTRY., JSC
APRIL 2016  TODAY
Mr.Truong Sa Nguyen
Lecturer
Tel: 0985.995.934
Mr.Le Hong Thang
Sale Manager
Tel: 0932.747.606
Director Assistant Check document received and deliver for customers  Administrative tasks Translate the record from Vietnamese into English and contrast Contact directly with partners in US and Hong Kong. Monthly and quarterly reports accordingly. General administrative and clerical support. Prepare letters and documents. Handle stationary and sundry for office and operation team. Receive, sort mail and deliveries. Maintain appointment diary either manually or electronically General administrative and clerical support.
Business Assistant Deal directly with customers either by telephone, electronically or face to face Respond promptly to customer inquiries Handle and resolve customer complaints Obtain and evaluate all relevant information to handle product and service inquiries Provide pricing and delivery information Perform customer verifications Set up new customer accounts Process orders, forms, applications and requests Organize workflow to meet customer timeframes Direct requests and unresolved issues to the designated resource Manage customers' accounts Keep records of customer interactions and transactions Record details of inquiries, comments and complaints Record details of actions taken Prepare and distribute customer activity reports Maintain customer databases Manage administration Communicate and coordinate with internal departments Follow up on customer interactions Provide feedback on the efficiency of the customer service process Prepare event agenda for company: year end party, company trip...  Be a Master of Ceremoney
 Additional Information Creative Detail-oriented Determined Motivated Well-organized Hard-working
 References
© topcv.vn
