CURRICULUM VITAE
DAO THI MINH HONG
Email: hong.minh.emily@gmail.com
Contact phone: 0902889281
Educational Qualifications
1998-2001: Studied Nguyen Thuong Hien High school.
2002-2006: Undergraduate Van Lang University
o
Major: The Degree of Bachelor Specialist: Finance & Accounting
o
Mention: Fairly Good
2006-2007: Completed Tax control course of Tax authority.
o
Finish Internal Course of internal audit
2009: Chief accountant Certificate
Jan 2013 – present: ACCA course (Finish F1 to F5)
2013: Internal training courses (mindset, leader ship…)
2014-2015: Internal training in other subsidiary of Samsung company
(Taiwan, Malaysia, Ha Noi…)
Office skill
Language: English
o
Listening: Good
o
Communication: Good
o
Reading: Good
o
Writing: Good
Office technology:
o
Microsoft Office: excellent (excel, word, power point…)
o
ERP  System  Software  (SAP, Oracle,  Solomon…)  in  Financial,
HR, report…: Good
Skills Base
Possess excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Positive thinking, leader ship, manages & control timeline skill…
Good command in English
Ability to work autonomously
Meticulous and excellent organizing skill
Able to handle independently on multi-tasks with minimum supervision.
Problem solving and resolution capabilities
Conversant in accounting technical knowledge
Analytical and meticulous for details
Good team player with the ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines.
Interested in the artistic and the commercial worlds
Proven leadership and human management skills
Budget design and monitoring
Time-efficient, systematic working methodology
Rapid adaptability to new problem-solving and new locations
Experiences
Nov 2013 to now: Working for Samsung Vina Electric Company (15
month )
o
Join in Samsung (Production side) as Team leader role in FI-
Operation part.
o
Have responsibility in all transaction related with operation of
company (Include Investment, Asset, Raw material control, AR/AP,
Logistic exp….)
o
Manage and assign task list for member (06 members in my team)
o
Summary tasks:
Control all kind of expense (both Production expense and
General/ Employee/Logistic expense, Local & Foreign)
Investment control
Asset management
Tax control and verify
Report for CFO and Head Office in Korean
Insure AP payment on time
Control Cash flow for payment
Create Process & manual, and then, training for user
High responsibility in giving solution to solve issues ( Payment
issue, Tax issue, …)
Research and training Tax decree, Circular of Government…
for team member.
Analysis expense element effect to BS, PL, CF.
Control budget (investment and expense)
Etc
2006-2013 working for FPT Software Joint Stock Company: (Almost 8
years)
o
From third year of University (2006) to 2010:
Begin in Accountant Receivable & contract management.
In 2007: Doing as leader of module General Ledger: control
Finance report & display for Director.
Doing as leader of Tax (Special I successful in feedback tax for
company in 2006, have experience on Withholding tax)
Doing on Solomon & Oracle system completely.
Operating within the tight financial disciplines imposed by
ambitious budgets which I have helped to plan and control cash
flow ( to rotate cash fluently)
Complete process on accounting department.
Methodical administration to deadlines (not to speak of crisis
management where necessary)
Manage contract when issue invoice for customers.
Allocate expense and salary.
The application of modern leadership methods (through staff
motivation and involvement in both decision-making and
target- setting, clarity in communication, and easy personal
inter- relations)
Finish set up new branch for company.
o
From July 2008 to June 2009:
Do as Chief Accountant for new company of FPT Software..
o
From June 2009 to Dec 2010:
Working as Accounting Controller in FPT Malaysia branch in
almost two year. (do on Oracle system & UBS system-
accounting system of Malaysia)
Learn about Account system of Malaysia myself (UBS system)
o
From Jan 2012 to March 2012:
Work as Financial Consultant for FPT software company HCM
Branch, in ERP system. (Project Property, DMS..)
o
From April 2012 to Nov2012:
Work in Unilever Company as supporter for FI-CO module in
SAP.
Manage & Control financial report, then finish audit 2012 for 2
Oversea Branch in Thailand and Philippine.
o
From Nov 2012 to Jun 2013:
Working under role Controller Manager of 2 Oversea branch in
Thailand & Philippine include all the operation (HR, Payroll,
Finance, Administrator…)
Handle role Sale & Operation support leader, insurance all the
operation in Vietnam branch to be arrange.
And responsibility in making & checking Report: make
Financial Report, revenue report, receivable, payable, and
Planning & checking budget, training new comer. …
Work as management Contract of Customer & Vendor: Detail:
Appraising & reviewing Customer & Vendor contract, working
with the legal for clarification and direction about Project legal
aspects and liabilities in respect to Vietnamese legal
requirements.
Prepare correspondence requesting Client to provide
amendments to the original contract.
Support Account Manager in obtaining agreement and contract
sign off.
Stay  informed  and  up  to  date  with  any  changes  relating
Vietnamese Laws and Environmental and Safety regulations.
Review contract, and update permit matrix in relation to the
Project Contracts requirements.
Give the advice to General Managers to solve the ad-hoc
problems, make sure the business running smoothly.
