 
YEN TRINH
Full stack web developer, .NET
Local Vietnamese
26-01-1992, Female, Single
, district 1, Ho Chi Minh
01235 26 01 21
trinhthibinhyen@gmail.com
Candidate's Expectation
Position:
Software Engineer
Job Level:
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Work Place:
Ho Chi Minh, Ha Noi, Can Tho
Job Category: IT  Software
Salary :
Negotiate
Total years of
experience:
1 year(s).
Highest Degree:
Bachelors
Language Proficiency:
English(Advanced)
Most Recent Job:
Full stack web
developer, .NET
Most Recent Company: CRITEO
Current Job Level:
Experienced
(Non-Manager)
Career Objective
Seeking position to gain experience and to utilize my skills and abilities in the Software Development field,
especially to work in projects regarding algorithm and computer science.
Three questions I like to ask myself before writing any code: Do I have to write it? Is there any better solution? How will I debug it?
Career Highlights
N/A
Education & Qualifications
Bachelors  University of Science, HCM
Computer Science  Oct 2010  Oct 2014
Graduate with High Distinction.
GPA: 9.02
Work Experience
Software Engineer  
CRITEO  Oct 2014  Present
One year of experience as a full stack developer in an Agile methodology. Implement both sides of
front-end and back-end for new features as well as refactor and optimize legacy features. Write unit test for
C#, javascript and e2e test.
Languages & Scripting: C#, Javascript, CSS/CSS3, HTML5
Frameworks: ASP.NET/MVC, AngularJs, Protractor, Less
(Criteo Company, 2014 –2015)
Student, researcher  
HCMUS  Jan 2014  Jul 2014
Efficient Search on Encrypted Data and Applications: I researched about searchable encryption and applied
those by proposing protocols for some concrete applications. The abstract is below: 
Nowadays, Cloud Storage has become a revolution in internet technology. With cloud storage, we can
access and update our data everywhere. This leads users to store their data on the cloud more and more,
meaning that there exists sensitive information that may be revealed. Therefore, encrypting data before
storing it is the best way to protect users’ data. However, this would make it difficult to access the data. As a
result, searching on encrypted data become an important and interesting problem for researchers. In this
research, we make a survey on solution for this problem which consists of two approaches: symmetric and
asymmetric searchable encryption . Based on it, we propose two protocols for two applications :(1)
Privacy-Preserving Protocols for DNA Testing and DNA Profile Storage and (2) Encryption scheme
supporting counting on encrypted medical data, which have practical meaning.
(From January to July of 2014).
Researcher  
HCMUS  Jan 2013  Dec 2013
Learn and implement algorithms for classification images of various classes, e.g., scenery, digit and skin.
(Matlab, C++, OpenCV)
I worked on these projects:
1. Scenery Image Classification: The program can automatically recognize and classify images from the
database set that includes images about: open country, coast, inside city, tall buildings, forest, street,
highway, mountain.
2. Digit Classification.
3. Skin Classification: The program can detect the skin of people in an image.
Skills
N/A
References
Trịnh Thị Bình Yên
Software Engineer  CRITEO
Email: y.trinhthibinh@criteo.com
Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)
