RREESSUUM
MEE 
Full Name: 
Huynh Chi Cong 
Date of birth: 
26th/Mar/1989 
Email address: 
huynhchicongautomation@gmail.com 
Mobile phone: 
0917.249.667 
Address: 
29/5P, Thoi Tam Thon 17 Street, Hoc Mon Dist., Ho Chi Minh City. 
Brief background 
Honest and disciplined electronic automation engineer with interests in automation control system, smart devices. 
Carefulness in all the work done, a strong team player with focus delivering results. Good experience with 
Singaporean, Japanese Job. 
Work experience 
May/2015 – Sept/2017 
Technical Service and Project Leader 
AUMI Industrial Equipment & Automation Co., Ltd (2nd Floor HS Building, 260/11 Nguyen Thai Binh 
Street, Ward 12, Tan Binh District, Ho Chi Minh City)  
Manage a team with 2 persons.  
Develop project team.  
Advise for sales and customer to select right product or consult solution required from customer.  
Monitor customer feedbacks to coordinate technical or relation issues.  
Visit customer to introduce about solution and make surveying.  
Provide technical support to customers in South of Vietnam such as: Vinamilk, Sabeco, THP group, 
Huhtamaki, New Toyo Pulppy, BP Castrol, VBL, Perstima, Sailun, …  
Bridge engineer with Singapore Companies.  
Provide training to customers and sales department. 
Apr/2014 – May/2015 
Engineering Sales and Service Engineer 
Azbil Vietnam Co., Ltd (formerly Yamatake Corporation) (4th Floor, Huy Son 1 Building, 7-9-11 Mai Thi 
Luu Street, Da Kao Ward, District 1, HoChi Minh City,Vietnam)  
70% Job is Service, 30% Job is Engineering Sales.  
Support for Japanese Manager to sale BMS maintenance, HVAC products.  
Develop new Vietnamese customer.  
Do the temperature and humidity control Project at Japanese factories.  
Do the BMS, HVAC system Maintenance at many factories such as: Aeon, Olympus, Saigon Stec, Shiseido, 
Rohto,…  
Make the maintenance schedule, troubleshooting, guide customer to buy the maintenance spare-parts, report 
with Azbil ISO standard. 
Sept/2011 – Apr/2014 
Technical Service and Project Engineer 
AUMI Industrial Equipment & Automation Co., Ltd (2nd Floor, Nam Giao Building, 80-82 Phan Xich Long 
Street, Ward 2, Phu Nhuan District, 
Ho Chi Minh City)  
Develop SICK sensor projects.  
Advise for sales department and customer to select right products.  
Visit customer and do surveying at many factories in South of Vietnam.  
Bridge engineer with SICK Singapore.  
Attend the training courses at SICK Singapore office. 
Education 
Sept/2007 – August/2011 
Bachelor of Engineering in Electronic Automation 
(Very good Degree) 
Industrial university of Ho Chi Minh city 
Skills 
Fluent in English 
Computer Skill: MS office, Computer hardware, Software usefully, Auto-Cad. 
Personal Qualification 
Sense of responsibility. 
Quickly learn new tools and technologies. 
Can work independence as well as in a group. 
Interests: Traveling, watching, music and sport. 
References: Will be furnished upon request. 
