WORK EXPERIENCES 
Quantitative data analyst at Kantar Millward Brown (3/2017 to 5/2018): 
Work with a number of multi-national FMCG clients such as FCV, Carlsberg,..in Usage & 
Attitude, Brand Health Measurement, Advertising Evaluation project and set up project. 
Conducting deep dive analysis of  dataset to explore the insight of data and making the report.  
Connecting the information of data to visualize the insight and building the story report of data to 
present and support client in giving marketing strategy. 
Developing statistical models such as regression, correspondence, principal component analysis 
and as well as consult the result and ability to apply it in the reality  
Quantitative data analyst at VINAMR (11/2015 to 3/2017): 
Established dashboard by macro excel to reduce 90% in mistakes and save 80% time to input data 
for each survey project. 
Cleaned data by using VBA  for each survey to ensure the quality of data  and conducted data 
processing, regression via SPSS by using syntax mostly  
Explored the information behind data and convert it into knowledge and wisdom in order to consult 
client the reality market and what they should do. 
Coordinated with Project Managers in making and presenting more than three reports whose value 
were more than one billion for big client. 
Lead international content and relationship of Extradecoin Project from Token Start (12/2017 to 
now) 
Responsibility for each article, email to introduce the project to international. 
Communicate about the information of the project such as: the features, ICO, …via international 
forum 
Building international relationship to finding investment and advisor for Blockchain project. 
EDUCATION 
TRẦN THỊ GIÀU 
Email:giautran124@gmail.com 
Phone: 0903506617.  Date of birth: 12/4/1993 
Add: 165/1 Tran Van Dang street , District 3, HCMC 
Finance at University of Economics Ho Chi Minh city (2011 – 2015). 
Gain 9/10 score in Autoregressive Conditional Heterokadasticity model project for graduation 
in the topic of the  impact of the oil fluctuations in the word to stock exchange market in Vietnam  
GPA 7.67. Top 20% of the best student. 
Award excellent research paper topic of UEH 
Exploring statistics by myself to apply for project in working ( 2015 to now ) 
Project: “ The brand health of Toyota” (2016), The Segmentation of Honda” (2016)  : used 
assumptions of standard distribution, Histogram plot, Cronbach 'Alpha, PCA, correlation, 
regression, test hypothesis with SPSS software. 
Project :” Brand health tracking of FCV” (2017) used assumptions of standard distribution, 
Histogram plot, Logistic regression  with SPSS 
ACTIVITIES 
Main tour guide of Tiger tour  (2015 – 2016) 
Member of TUE TAM VH CHARITY to (2016 –now) 
Took part in presentation skill class and gained certificate from Kantar Group (10/2017) 
Seek funding to for poor children in Mekong delta 
Build five bridges for poor areas in Vietnam (2016 to current) 
SKILLS 
7 IELTS, excellent speaking and writing 
English 
Basice speaking Japanese. 
Superb 
using 
function 
and 
VBA 
Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint. 
Use SPSS proficiently. 
Ability to use SQL, R,Python in the 
effective way 
Good logical thinking and creative thinking 
Math and business thinking  
High Teamwork and communication skills 
Excellent analytical skills, presentation skill 
Ability to do multiple task and work under high 
pressure 
Absolutely having self-learning 
Investigate the market, competitors and research 
the status of market to advise business strategies, 
oriented to develop sustainable markets 
SOFT SKILLS 
Studying SQL, Python, R and machine learning by myself and on Data Camp  and Explore via 
Websites (11/2017 to now ) 
Applying basic code in Python, R in inputting function from Excel file, editing data function, 
graph function, Regression analysis, PCA, Correlation coefficients, Statistical description 
analysis.. 
Familiar with basic package in python : Numpy, Pandas, Sklearn, matplotlib.pyplot.show 
Deeply understanding and practicing the method in cleaning data and mining data 
Ability to think about the Math and conduct Decision tree , KNN, Naïve Bayer, Logistic 
Regression algorithms in Machine Learning and apply by Python, R.   
Understanding the pattern of Math in each algorithm 
Project completed:  
Applying KNN and Logistic Regression to explore Iris dataset. 
Applying Decision Tree to explore Zoo dataset from UCI. 
Applying Naive Bayes to explore Personal, Iris dataset 
Applying Logistic Regression to explore Bike sharing dataset 
