 
Career  Objectives 
✓ To be a Data Scientist with more knowledge of programming, database server 
management, analysis and machine learning tools. 
✓ To achieve CISA certification after 3 years 
✓ To become a Head of Data after 7 years 
✓ To improve skills for excellence: management, communication, teamwork, analysis 
Education 
Sep 2012 – Aug 
2016 
University of Economics and Law – Ho Chi Minh city, Vietnam 
Major in Accounting & Auditing and GPA 8.19/10 
Jul 2014 
National IT Application Level B Course Certificate – Vietnam 
Awards and Honors 
Date 
Awards and Honors 
Organization 
2016 
“Business forum scholarship”: IELTS 100% scholarship 
Business forum 
“Prepare to shine”: CFAB – ICAEW 100% scholarship 
University of Economics and Law 
2015 
“Representative student” award and ACCA 45% scholarship 
University of Economics and Law 
Sacombank scholarship 
Sacombank – Ho Chi Minh city 
Third Prize in Student’s Scientific Research and Award 
University of Economics and Law 
2014 
Honor for “Achievement in Union Youth’s activities from 
2013 to 2014” 
Vietnam National University, HCMc 
2013 – 
2014 
Third Prize in Linear algebra and Analysis – Vietnam 
Mathematical Olympiad for university students 
Vietnam Mathematical Society 
Work Experiences 
2018 – Present 
Data Analyst 
Bien An Toan Investment Consultant Joint Stock Company  
489A/23/123A Huynh Van Banh Str., Ward 13, Phu Nhuan District, HCM City 
Responsibilities: 
_ Building database servers: 
Applied Position: Fresher AI / ML 
NGUYEN LE VIET CUONG 
Skype: 
jasonnguyen-x 
Phone:  
079 980 0123 
Email:  
jasonnguyen1990@gmail.com 
+ Analyzing data structure from open sources (deposit rate data, OTCUSD and FX rate 
from, stock price, trading price from http://priceboard1.vcsc.com.vn) and applying 
data mining tools from Python language (parsing API (request to get, post), 
beautifulSoup (bs4), websockets, socketIO) to get big data sources storage in 
MongoDb server. 
+ Parsing API to get all of financial statements data of all listed/many private equity 
companies storage in MongoDb server. 
_ Programming functions for Chatbot: 
+  According to investors demand/questions in Skype, querying appropriate time 
series data (motor asyncio) for drawing chart, table (processing by pandas or 
matplot) as a result to answer their demand/questions. Chatbot functions such as: 
deposit chart for several type of term (6M, 12M), FX chart for USD Index or OTCUSD, 
liquidity or foreign trading domain chart. 
_ Building excel analysis tools for financial analysis, modeling and KPI analysis: 
+ Applying advanced excel formulas with all financial statements data to build 
template for perform fundamental analysis (market ratios, liquidity ratios, 
management ratios, profitability ratios, Z-score, M-score) for companies which are 
chosen from data validation listing. Building data model by excel tools (PE, PB, 
EV/EBITDA, DCF models). 
Achievement: worked in participate environment, gained more experience and 
knowledge about programming, finance and investment analysis. 
2017 
Audit Assistant 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Vietnam Ltd. 
Responsibilities: member of assurance group, in charge of working with financial 
sections such as: cash and cash equivalents; receivables; payables; inventories; fixed 
assets; expenses; revenues; cost of sales; taxation; prepare financial statements. 
Achievement: worked in competitive and pressure working environment, gained more 
experience and knowledge about auditing and accounting and leadership 
2016 
Trainee Accountant 
Expeditors International Freight Forwarding Co., Ltd. 
Responsibilities: get cost of shipments from system; split local invoices; make accrual 
of revenue; scan, send, tax invoices to customers; make filing accounting documents. 
Achievement: worked in practical working processes, gained real accounting experience 
Skills 
✓ Good English communication 
✓ Computer skills: Proficiency in Word, Excel, 
Power Point, Access; experience with HTKK  
✓ Teamwork skill: motivating others, solving 
conflicts, working as a team member as well 
as independently 
✓ Communication & making relationship 
skills, time management, leadership 
✓ Programming knowledge with Python 
Characteristics and 
Interests 
✓ Confident, responsible, flexible, optimistic, 
honest 
✓ Hard – working, dynamic, creative 
✓ Interested in listening music, watching 
movie, reading major books, magazines 
✓ Travel, sports (basketball, billiard), gym, 
social and voluntary activities 
Nguyen Le Viet Cuong – Jason Nguyen 
Phu Nhuan District, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam 
07st October, 2018   
HR Department 
TMA INNOVATION CENTER 
TMA Tower, Street #10, Quang Trung Software City, 1 To Ky, District 12, 
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
I am an employee who have experience and knowledge about finance, Python 
programming. I have known your company is offering a recruitment program, so I am 
writing in response to the position as Fresher AI / ML in your IT Department, Ho Chi 
Minh Office.  
During school time, I participated in some extra – curricular activities as deputy leader 
of Eco – Law research group as a large event organizer, so I have good communication 
and teamwork skills. Also, I can work well on computer with popular software such as 
word, excel, power point and be good at communicating in English. Furthermore, I have 
worked at large accountancy firms as an associate which gave me chances to work in 
competitive and pressure environments. I gained more auditing experiences when I have 
been in charge of working with many audit sections such as: prepare financial statements 
(BS, PL, CF, Notes), Test of control, cash and cash equivalents, fixed assets, inventories, 
sales, cost of sales, taxation. Currently, I also work as Bien An Toan Investment 
Consultant JSC and have experience about big data and fintech programming in order to 
work with database server, build Chatbot and create features to meet the demand of 
investors, chance to build fundamental analysis/KPI analysis template so that can make 
brokers have better financial consulting. 
As an employee of TMA Innovation center, I will try my best to complete tasks assigned 
to me and contribute to the success of your company. Moreover, this is a worthy 
opportunity for me to sharpen my skills, challenge myself in professional environment 
and collect experience for my profession as well. 
I appreciate it if you could arrange an interview for me to prove my abilities. I can be 
contacted at jasonnguyen1190@gmail.com or 079 980 0123.  
Enclosed are my CV.  
I am available whenever you need more information. I am looking forward to your reply 
soon. Thank you very much for your time and consideration. 
Yours faithfully, 
Nguyen Le Viet Cuong – Jason Nguyen. 
