 
Get in touch 
Gmail:tthpspkt@gmail.com 
Phone : 0165.780.7800 
Home : Kí Túc Xá Khu B- 
Phường Linh Trung –Quận Thủ 
Đức –TpHCM 
About me 
Be honest, cheerful, sociable 
,like reading book about life, 
enjoy science fiction films and 
believe aliens have impacted 
the ancient world and enjoy 
playing war games . 
Observation and evaluation, 
know my strengths and 
weaknesses to try to improve  
Soft Skills 
Solve problems 
English                 
Teamwork  
Reading book 
Information about learning   My full name is Thân Trọng Hoài Phương . I’m 21 year old. I study engineer's degree .   I study University of Technical Education(2014-2018)  . My major is Computer 
Engineering .  
Skill : have study about Embedded System , C/C++ , Hardware/Software , Internet of 
things , Hardware Descriptor language , Digital Technical , Network Engineering , 
Electric Circuits , Basic Electronics , Logic Gate ,Arduino , ARM , Pic ,Raspberry 
,Linux,Machine Learing ,… 
Short term goals 
I will complete the studies and the next semester will interns with position 
Hardware Design Engineers and , Internet of things. 
Search for a company that fit myself.  
Long term goals 
First year I will graduate and have some experience when going to practice. 
Second and third years, learn more skills to improve myself . 
Fourth year I will study for a master's degree and be able to work abroad. 
Fifth year, I will be the leader of embedded system technology ideas. 
Experience study at university    Freshman : project creation team Car Avoid Obstacles. Use descriptive language                         
Arduino and ultrasonic sensors , the job is to gather content, time 5 week with 2 people 
,complete on time .    Sophomore : project Time Clock use with logic gates AND,NOT,OR circuit design , 
install time , time 3 week with 2 people, complete on time  .   Junior : project Heart Pulse Monitor use descriptive language Arduino  . Project( I ) 
Smart Home use descriptive language Pic , the job is to gather content, time 10 week 
with 2 people, complete on time  .                     .   Senior : project( II) Check Commodities on Wed use descriptive language Arduino 
combined with HTML/CSS use the Web as a server, the job is understand the 
combination between HW/SW , send data and receive data on Web  .  Simple writing experience. : use language C/C++ 1 year , Logic Gate 1 year , PIC 1 
year , ARM 0.5 year . 
Strengths 
I know the problem me encountered when I was working. 
Easy group work. Because I respect and listen when they said. 
I have a study plan every day. 
I study hard . 
Weaknesses 
I need a plan to work better  . 
I learned English for a short time. But I have set up a schedule for learning English. 
