KHOA NGUYEN 
nguyenkhoa2407@gmail.com 
Mobile: 0928 057 600 
EDUCATION 
Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN 
Majors: Computer Science, Chemistry  
Degree Expected Term: Spring 2020 
Overall GPA: 3.74 
Computer Science GPA: 4.0 
Relevant courses: Data Structure, Discrete Structure, Linear Algebra, Statistics 
Saint Joseph’s Institution International (SJII), Singapore 
Le Hong Phong High School, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam 
HONORS AND AWARDS  Dean’s list – Vanderbilt University  Fall 2016, Fall 2017, Spring 2018, and Fall 2018  Bronze Medal in Singaporean Chemistry Olympiad 2014  High Distinction in Australian Mathematics Competition 2014  Recipient of the Wong Heng Ning Kevin Scholarship for the IB program, SJII Singapore 2014 (SGD $100,000) 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Dr. Eva Harth’s Lab – Vanderbilt University  
January 2017 – May 2017. 
Was an undergraduate researcher working on the production of precise drug loaded microparticles using piezoelectric 
Inkjet printing. Helped in the development of a new ink mixture composed of commercially purchased substrates and 
monomer building blocks that can undergo rapid crosslinking under safer and biologically inert conditions. Also helped 
collect data on the degree of swelling, compressive modulus, and drug loading and encapsulation efficiency of the 
hydrogel. Contributor of an in-progress article on the project. 
Dr. Rizia Bardhan’s Lab – Vanderbilt University 
August 2017 – April 2018. 
Was undergraduate researcher working on two projects with two supervising graduate students. The first project focused 
on the development and application of core-shell gold nanostructures (plasmosomes) as a platform for photothermal 
immunotherapy. The plasmosomes will be targeted with an immunomodulator to aid in manipulating the immune 
response in favor of treating cancer. The second project aims to exploit the nanoparticles’ ability to enhance an optical 
signal from surface enhanced Raman spectroscopy (SERS) by a factor of 1011 for the purposes of detecting trace quantities 
of bioanalytes within the human body, in the form of a ‘lab-on-a-chip’ microfluidic biodiagnostic device.  
General Chemistry Stockroom – Vanderbilt University 
January 2018 – December 2018. 
Worked as a stockroom assistant for CHEM 1601L/1602L. Duties included sorting and distributing appropriate glassware 
and equipment for each lab period, preparing chemical reagents, and grading certain lab results.  
Eskind Biomedical Library – Vanderbilt University  
August 2018 – December 2018. 
Worked at the circulation desk at Eskind Library. Duties included checking out books, answering inquiries and providing 
counsel on certain fundamental medical topics to patrons looking for research material.  
SKILLS  Proficiency in C++ programming.  Experience with Java, Python, HTML, Matlab  Proficiency in English and Vietnamese 
EXTRACURRICULAR AND WORK EXPERIENCE  
Alternative Spring Break (ASB) at Vanderbilt: volunteered at the Padre Island National Seashore  
Vietnamese Student Association, Vanderbilt Chapter  
Engineers Without Borders, Vanderbilt chapter 
