 
NGUYEN HUYNH THAO NHI 
PERSONAL 
DETAILS 
DATE OF BIRTH: March 19th, 1994 
PLACE OF BIRTH: Tien Giang province 
GENDER: Female 
ADDRESS: Ho Chi Minh City,  District 3, Ward 4, 338/19 Nguyen Dinh Chieu street . 
PHONE NUMBER: 01627628105 
EMAIL: thaonhi9194@gmail.com 
OBJECTIVE 
I ‘m looking for job as Android Developer , because I love to work in Software Development, especially in 
Android Development. I want to create product and feel very exciting when people use my product.  
SKILLS & 
ABILITIES 
PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES: Java, C#, Ionic Angular JS 
DATABASES: SQL Server, MySQL 
ANDROID SKILLS: 
App Components: Intents, Activities, Fragments, Services 
User Interface: 
o 
Layouts: Linear Layout, Relative Layout, Recycler View, List 
View 
o 
Input Controls: Buttons, Checkboxes, Radio Buttons, Toggle 
Buttons, Spinners, Pickers 
o 
Menus 
o 
Toasts 
Animation and Graphics: draw with Canvas 
Data Storage: SQLite Databases, Network Connection 
Third party library: Gson, Glide, MPAndroidChart 
Cloud Services: Firebase, Azure 
ENGLISH: TOEIC 680 
OTHER SKILLS: Git Hub, Teamwork, Presentation. 
WORKING 
EXPERIENCE 
12/2016 – present: Associate Software Engineer at DXC Technology Vietnam (known as: CSC Vietnam) 
7/2016 – 12/2016: Internship at Posts and Telecommunications Institute of Technology, working with 
thesis. 
PROJECTS 
WORKING PROJECTS:  
Manulife MOVE Hong Kong (Android native) :  
Description: an application promotes a healthy lifestyle by enabling members to track 
their progress against set fitness goals and earn premium discounts. Members can also 
monitor a range of health indicators. 
ACADEMIC PROJECTS:  
Event Reminder (Programming Mobile Applications for Android Device subject midterm 
project  using Java/Android) 
Description: My first Android project. I completed when studied a subject at school.  I 
create a small tool to remind the event. User add new event with time, content and 
some other information. Tool will notify user at that time. It just a small tool but it is 
good chance for me to learn Android Programming.  
Snake Game (Programming Mobile Applications for Android Device subject final project  using 
Page 2 
Java/Android) 
Description: At the end time of  subject with Event Reminder. I create a small game, 
because of requirement of teacher. The game doesn’t used any technology or library, 
just Android native codes.  
Task Management System (Thesis  The project consisted of Android app, RESTful Web API, 
Structured Database, using Java, C# programming language, SQL Server. RESTful Web API and 
Structured Database components were deployed on Microsoft Azure) 
Description: Project is my thesis and the largest Android program I have ever done. It 
is a system with several component. Android application as a user interface, web 
service as the back-end for processing user’s request and the structure database for 
storing data. Users are classified as Director, Project Leader and Employee. Director 
can creates new project or new task. Project Leader can create new task and assign for 
employee, who join project. Employee can update status of task. Tasks are done by 
Employee, will wait for approval of Project Leader to finished. Every task has a priority 
in “Low”, “High” and “Critical”. Web service and database components are deployed on 
Microsoft Azure.  
Student 's Score Management Program ( Using C++ ) 
Description: It is my first programming project. In this project, I use C++ 
programming language to implement a tool for managing score of students. It allows 
user add name of student, name of subjects, score of students, user also update, 
delete, insert above information in existed data. I use C++ to implement some data 
structure like: linked list, array, method along with these data structure and graphic 
user interface.  
Bookstore Website (using Java, HTML, CSS, MySQL database ) 
Description: It is the project of Web Development subject. In this project I use Java 
language with JSP/Servlet technology to create an online bookstore. Website shows 
books, price of books, detail information of a book when user click on it, it allows user 
add book to cart and carry out the payment process. All interactions of user is stored 
in MySQL database. In front end, I use HTML/CSS to create interface of website.  
Research Framework Struts 2 and Develop a Bookstore Website. (Science Research project for 
students. Using Java, MySQL ) 
Description: This project was developed from Bookstore Website. My task is  research 
Struts 2 web- framework and use it to develop my Bookstore Website. This project is 
the product of the  Science Research Project (SRP) . I separate the SRP into two parts. 
The product of the first part is Bookstore Website. The second part ‘s product is 
Bookstore website using Struts 2.  
Library Management Software (Database Management System subject final project  using 
C#/Windows Form, SQL Server) 
Description: This project is also a subject project. I use C# programming language 
with windows form. The program allows user add, insert, update and delete 
information of books, categories, borrowers, borrow tickets, lenders…. At the 
database section, I use SQL Server because of requirement of teacher and create Store 
Procedure, Trigger, Transaction  for processing data. 
EDUCATION 
2009 – 2012 : Nguyen Thi Minh Khai Highshool, District 3, Ho Chi Minh city 
2012 – now:  Senior student of Posts and Telecommunications Institute of Technology, Ho Chi Minh city   
Specialization: Software Engineering  GPA: 7.92/10 
Page 3 
HOBBIE 
Reading book, playing game, going out with my friends. 
