COULIBALY
ADAMA
Curriculum Vitae
(+84) 983521482
coulibalysadama@gmail.com, coulibaly@iﬁ.edu.vn
Academic Qualiﬁcations
2017  2019
MSc, Intelligent and Multimedia Systems, Vietnam National University (VNU), Hanoi-
Vietnam, .
2017  2019
MSc, Enterprise Digital Content Engineering, Rochelle University, Rochelle-France, .
2010  2013
BSc, Computer Science, University Institute of Management (IUG), Bamako-Mali, .
Skills
Technical : Python, Java, C++, C# , Javascript, PHP, Prolog..., Data Mining techniques, Github,
Docker, Kubernet, Matlab, LaTeX, Photoshop, Gimp.
IDE: (Eclipse, NetBean, Visual Studio, CodeBlock IDE, JetBrains...)
Machine Learning : ( Tensorﬂow(currently learning), Keras, KNN, K-MEANS, OpenCV, Matplotlib,
Numpy...)
GAMA Platform : (Modeling and Simulation Complex Systems)
Computer Vision: (OpenCV, STIF...)
Pattern recognition : (Bayesian classiﬁcation, SVM-based classiﬁcation, classiﬁcation using neural
networks)
Virtual and Augmented Reality : (Unity, Blender, Vuforia.)
Reasoning and Uncertainty : (Propositional logic, modal logic, fuzzy logic, Bayesian networks)
Multi-Agent System and Artiﬁcial Intelligence : (GAMA and JADE)
Interactive systems engineering: (Simulation of a development using the Scrum method, Framework
XNA/monogame, Métrique).
Indexing multimedia content : (Clustering and Indexation, Multiscale and multi-orientation invariant
signatures for pattern recognition and multimedia indexing)
Web design and development: Java EE, Spring, Hibernate, Wordpress.
Systems :Windows, Linux.
Languages: English, French, Vietnamese.
Projects
Software engineering : Software Assurance and Quality, The criteria of a quality software that meets
the requirements; Housing Management, Application design of a housing or building management
tool.
Project management:Tracking the progress of a development project, with the agile method
(scrum); Internship Management, Design of an internship management tool, facilitating the search
for end-of-cycle internships.
Personal work Supervised : Package and redeploy the IFI Online Schedule with Docker and GitHub.
Data- mining : Prediction of type 2 diabetes in a group of pima indian women living in Arizona, United
States with Tanagra.
Image processing and Computer Vision: Image enhancement, contrast, segmentation, contour
detection, face recognition with Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), skin detection, motion detection
in a video stream... in C++ & Python.
Pattern recognition: Object recognition, objects and people detection in an image or video in Python.
Man Machine Interaction: Prototype of a tool that improves the user’s sleep with multi-tasking.
Indexing multimedia content : Indexing of images by content using Hu Moments, color histograms,
KNN..., in python.
Virtual Reality and Augmented: HumanoidProject, creating a humanoid avatars with animations,
modeling objects in a real environment with tools like Blender, Unity, Vuforia, C#.
Multi-Agent System Modeling and simulation of air traﬃc, evacuation of a ﬂood case, traﬃc (car-
refour), ants, K-mean, Predator and prey, Traﬃc in a crossroads, Evacuation in a ﬁre, with Gama
platform and JADE (Java).
Constraint programming : Realization with the Java OpenCBLS (local searches) and CHOCO (pro-
gramming by constraints exhaustive and optimal search) libraries of course scheduling and optimization
programs (Course scheduling and Bin Packing).
Network Design and Architecture: The project "Linux in network"
Ontology & Semantic Web : Social network simulation with python library Rdﬂib for the construction
of the RDF and Jenna Serveur for deployment of RDF ﬁle.
Employment Work Experience
March  July
2014
ORANGE-Mali, Internship, Bamako, Mali.  Computer networks troubleshooting assistance.
March 2015 
April 2016
ORANGE-MALI, computer network technician, Bamako, Mali.  Installation equipment and troubleshooting computer networks.
March 2017 
Nov 2017
STOP-SAHEL , Community Development Oﬃcer, Kita, Mali.  Sensitization, education and formalization of women’s and youth groups.
References
Mr.
Ho Tuong Vinh, Phd, Head of Training & Vice Director at the IFI (Institut Francophone
International), Vietnam National University; Email: ho.tuong.vinh@gmail.com
Mrs. Nguyen Hong Quang, PhD, Professor (Network design and architecture, GNU-LINUX) at the
IFI (Institut Francophone International), Vietnam National University;
Phone: +84 912 751 749
Email: nguyen.hong.quang@iﬁ.edu.vn
